THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

VOL. 30.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 10th, 1765*

In the Fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

0 7

To September the 16th, 1766,

In the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803,

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 30.

B

J

Ub*

tf

[3]

JOURNALS

»' OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. IT

Jovis, io* die Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1765.

Metfage to attend in the Peers*

A’

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Uftter of the Black. Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Member* Several Members, returned upon new Writs, tqok take Oaths, the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Clandestine A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandcstine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Clerk Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that John Hat-Afiftaot felly Esquire, Cleric Assistant of the House, was pre-

una " vented by Hinds from attending the Duty of his Office.

Ordered, That Mr, Poyntz do attend at the Table, during the Absence of the said Mr.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker laid he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Situation of Afiairs, both at Home and Abroad, has enabled Me to allow you that Reeds, which has been usualjn Hines of public Traoquillity.

I have now the Satisfaction to inform you, that I have agreed with My good Brother the King of Denmark, to Vot. 3a

attend.

King*

Speech

reported.

cement the Union which has long subsisted between the Two Crowns, by the Marriage of the Prince Royal of Denmark with my Sifter the Princess Caroline,

which is to be solemnized as soon as their respective Ages will permit.

I observe with Pleasure, that the Events which have happened in the course of the last Year, give us Reason to hope for the Duration of that Peace, which has been lb happily established, and which it is my Resolution strictly, to.maintain. The Courts of France and have given Me firelh Assurances of their good Diipo-fitions. . The future Quiet of the Empire has been confirmed by the unanimous Choice of a Successor to the.Imperial Dignity; and the peaceable Rledion of the King of Poland has prevented those fatal Confc-queqces which, upon similar Occasions, have so frequently. been destrudive to the Repose of Europe, I am happy, therefore, to meet my Parliament, at a Time when no foreign Disturbances interrupt their Confutations for the internal good Order and Prosperity of My Kingdoms.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I Qiall dk of you, for the current Service of the Year, no other Supplies, than such as are necessary for those Establishments which have already met with your Approbation; and I will order the proper Estimates for this Purpose to be laid before you.

I must, however, earnestly recommend to you the Continuance of that Attention, which you hfive hitherto shewn, for the Improvement of the Publig Revenue, and the Diminution of the National Debt. For these desirable and necessary Ends, I am persuaded that, you will purfiie every proper Measure, which else State of My Dominions, and the Circumstances of the Times, may require.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Experience which I have had of your former Conduct makes Me rely on your Wisdom, and Firm-ness, in promoting that Obedience to the Laws, and Reiped to the Legislative Authority of this Kingdom, which is essentially necessary for the Safety of the Whole; and in establishing such Regulations, as may best conned: and strengthen every Part of My Dominions, for their mutual Benefit and Support.

The Affedion which I bear to My People excites My earned Wishes, that every Session of Parliament may, be distinguistied by some Plans for the public Advantage, and for their Relief from those Difficulties, which an expensive War has brought upon them. My Concurrence and Encouragement shall never be wanting

where

Addrest on King's Speech*

Admiral Cornifti’s Answer to Vote of Thanks.

4 io* Januarii, A. 1755.

where their Welfare is concerned: And I trust that for the Attainment of that great Object, you will proceed with Temper, Unanimity, and Dispatch.

turn to the Thanks of this House; figmfted to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands of the 19th Day of April 1763.

Reftlived*Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

drels be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To offer to His Majesty our dutiful Congratulations upon the Marriage agreed to be solemnized, between the Prince Royal of Denmark and her Royal Highnefi the Princess Caroline Matilda, as soon as their respective Ages will permit 5 which happy Union cannot but be most pleating to His faithful Commons, as it mud tend to cement and Arengtben the ancient Alfence between the Crowns of Great Britain and and thereby

add Security to the Protedant Religion.

To declare our Satisfaction at those Events of the lad Year, which promise the Continuance of the Peace lb happily established and maintained by His Majesty’s wile an^ deady Conduct; and to express our Hopes, tba^he fresh Assurances which have been given by the Cops of France and Spam, of their good Dispositions, the unanimous Choice of a Successor to the Imperial Throne, and the undisturbed Election of the King of Poland, will secure and confirm the general Tranquillity of Europe.

That in this Situation, we diink it our Duty to give our particular Attention to such Regulations, as will most effectually promote the internal good Order and Prosperity of these Kingdoms.

To allure His Majesty, that we will, with Chearfol-ness and Dispatch, raile such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the current Service of the Year: And that, thoroughly sensible of His Majesty’s paternal Concern for the Relief and Welfare of His People, in recommending to us the Improvement of the Public Revenue, and the Diminution of the National Debt, on which the future Safety of Great Britain mud depend, we will apply ourfdves, with the utmod Zeal and Assiduity, to cany into Execution every proper Measure which may contribute to these great and salutary Purposes, and which the State of His Majesty’s Dominions, ami the Circumstances of the Times, shall require.

To acknowledge, with the livdied Gratitude, the gracious Expressions of His Majesty’s tender AfieAion, and of His condant Care, for the mutual Benefit and Support of all His Subjects; and to allure His Majesty, that, animated with these Sentiments, We will endeavour to deserve the Confidence which His Majesty is pleased to repose in us, by pursuing every Plan which shall appear to us to be calculated for the Public Advantage; and that we will proceed therein with that Temper and Firmnefe, which will bed conciliate and insure due Sab-million to die Laws, and Reverence to the Legislative Authority, of Great Britain.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord North, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Mr. Attorney

General, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Lord Granby, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rigby, Lord

Orwell, Mr. Nugent, Lord Mr. Rice, Mr. Jen-

kinson, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Barrington or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, on Tuesday the 8th Day of this Instant January, received from Vice Admiral Cornish the following Letter, in Re-16

To the Right honourable Si rjfchnCufl Baronet, Speaker of the honourable House of Commons.

Sir,

The Honour of your Letter inclosing the most valuable Testimony of the honourable House of Commons, in Favour of my Conduit, in assisting the Reduction of Manilla and the Philippine Islands, with His Majesty’s Forces under my Command, was hot received till the ICth of August lad: it did not reach India till after my Departure, and confidently could not come to my Hand but by being sent back to England.

But this Delay has no Power to diminish the Satisfaction which every honed Man must receive from the Approbation of that honourable House, which repre-fents the Commons of Great Britain. I can pretend only to the Merit of intending well; and in that Intention I hope this illustrious Distinction will encourage me to persevere.

To you. Sir, I shall always acknowledge my Obligations for your kind Attention, and hope always to retain the Honour of befog,

Sir,

Parliament Street, Your most obliged,

8th January, 1765. most obedient, and

mod bumble Servant,

S. Corni/h.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wmdietfba the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the eleAing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of WtncheJfea, in the room of Thomas Sewell Efijuire, now the Right honourable Sir Thomas Sewell Knight, who since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Master and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do HTue his Warrant to Witowi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the eleAing of a Burgds to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, so the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Nicholas who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Secretary of the Iflana of Jamaica.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleAing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Warwick, in the room of William Craven Esquire, now Lord Craven, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflbe his Warrant to Pembroke the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the eleAing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the' County of Pembroke, in the room of the Right honourable Sir John Philipps Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifi\ie his Warrant to Dover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the eleAing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover, in the room of Sir Edward Simpson Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Midhurst the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the eleAing of a Burgds to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, so the County of Snssex, in the room of William Hamilton Esquire, who,

fine*

if

t

5 Geo. III.

io° — n°

5

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Hendred, in the Count of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess tofervein this ppl'ent P.trlia-

Stimford Writ. 1?

Wallingford

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ceased the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, in the room of John Harvey, Esquire, deceased.

ment for the Borough of Sir^he County of Lincoln, in the room of John uire, dc-

Writ.

Fow ey Writ.

Berwick upon Tweed Writ.

Boffinney

Writ.

Southampton

Writ.

PortPigham

Writ.

Southampton

Writ.

r

Brackley

Writ.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Garth, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Jonathan Rafhleigh, Esquire, de-cealed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the room of John Crawfurd, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boffinney in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Richmond Webb, Esquire, who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Radnor, within the Principality of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Hans Stanley, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Isle of Wight.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port-Pigham, alias West-Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Francis ler, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Bilson Legge, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do HTue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Robert Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Groom-Porter within all His Majesty’s Houses in England, and elsewhere.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of

Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Holmes, in the Kingdom of deceased*

Vol. 30.

A motion was made, and the Question being prA Salted posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Im^ Provisiom; portation of faited Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter fr&tn Ireland, for a Time to be limited;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Qqcftion being put.

That the Debate be adjourned; '

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to b£ng in a Bill for Importation of faited Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr*

Nugent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Oswald, and Sir William fifort* dith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. \

And then the House adjourned till T( Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4

Cotton

Inclosure.

Veneris,n° dieJanuard \

Anno 5° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1765.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Honourable Edward Bouvtrie, Hardingftou Lord of the Manors of Hardingftone and Cotton, in the County of Northampton, and Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and of the Tythe of Lamb arising from the Lands of the Parish of Hardingftone and Cotton aforesaid; and also a Proprietor of the greatest Part of the said Land; the Reverend Robert Faux, Vicar of the said Parish Church, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are within the said Manors and Parish several Open Common and Arable Lands and Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Grounds; and also several Lanes and Waste Grounds, wherein the Properties of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be of great Advantage to the several Parties interested, and to the Public, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Christian James Straekhoven was pre- Sirackhoven* fen ted to the House, and read; praying. That Leave N*u may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shiffner and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring, in, tfce feme.

Road.

A Petition of such of the Trustees for putting ill Wallingford execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- *n^ fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, ^arn*don intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdm, and also from Wantage to Idfcn,

in the said County, an act for the Road leading from C Wallingford

4

*0

Newton

Abbott

Reads.

6 n° Januarii. A. 1765.

Wallingford to Wantage aforesaid; was presented to the House, and jread; Reciting, That, by the said Act, the Tolls which©buld be collected on the said Three Roads, were orderedbe separate and distinct Funds; and the TrustMtwCTe directed to separate themselves, and to act fepKitely for each respective Road; and were impowered to borrow Money on the Credit of each

tiarate Fund, not exceeding 1000 on the First, 500 on the Second, and £. 750 on the Third; that thfc said Trustees did accordingly separate themselves at (£heir First General Meeting and the Petitioners have borrowed the said Sum of £ 1000 on the Credit of the Tolls collected of the Road for which they aft, and have made a confi’derable Progress in repairing the fame; but that the said Sum of £.1000 is insufficient for the Purposes of thfrsaid Act; and that t^p Powers vested in the Petitioners are, in many Respect^ insufficient and defective; and that the said Road cannot be completely repaired and widened, unless a further Sum be borrowed, and the Term and Powers of the Act be further extended and enlarged; and Setting forth, That the lioad lading from the Bottom of Hill, in

the Parish of Nuffield, otherwise in the County of Wxford, to the Commencement of the said Road

leading from Wallingford to Wantage, being the direct: and neared Road from London to Wallingford and Wantage, and containing in Length about Three Miles and an Half, is now lo much out of Repair, that Carriages are obliged to go round near a Mile and an Half to avoid it; but that Materials for repairing it are so plentiful, and the Statute Work, if duly applied, is so very sufficient for that Purpose, that if the same were once put into good Repair, it will, under proper Management, be maintained at a very trifling Expence; and that the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of Wallingford, and the Parts adjacent, have raided a considerable Subscription for putting the same in Repair, on Condition that the future Repairs thereof be subjected to the Direction of the Petitioners, without ereftingany Gates, or collecting any Tolls thereon; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to accept and undertake the fame, upon the Conditions aforesaid, but have no Power so to do, unless enabled by Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the Road leading from I Vailing ford to Wantage aforesaid; and for repairing the Road leading from the bottom of Gangfdown Hill to the Commencement of the said former Road; and that the ^Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Blackfone, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. , Sir Jarret

Mr. Clive, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Charles Kernys Tynte, Mr. Willoughby, Sir William Meredith, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Armjlead Parker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walter, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cust, Mr.

Mr. Dyson, Mr. Holt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Thomas Howard, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Lord

ton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Southampton, Wilts, Bucks, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon-, and likewise of the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on,

the Highways or Roads therein after mentioned in the said County of Devon-, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the Road leading from the South End of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbott, in the said County of Devon, through the several Parishes oi Wool-

borough, Abbotts Kerfwell, KingsKerfwell, Marl- don, Paing-ton, Churston Ferrers, Brixham, and Kingswcare, to a Place

called the Pafj'age Way in Kingsweare aforesaid, opposite the said Town and Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and also the Road leading from the End, next adjoining to the said Town of Neuton Abbott, of a certain Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards the Village of Abbotts Kerfwell, to and through that Village, to Five Lanes in the Road before described; and also a certain Road leading from a Barn, lying near to in

the Parish of Marledon aforesaid, called Langvers Barn, through the several Parishes of Marledon and Ipplepen, in the said County, leading to the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes aforesaid; and also the Road leading from a Common called Gahnpton War-borough, through the said several Parishes of Brixham and Churston Ferrers, and the lower End of Churston Ferrers Town, by a Blacksmith’s Shop there, to Monks Bridge, and from thence to Brixham Quay in the said Parish of Brixham; and also the Road, or Highway, leading from the said Place or Barn, called Langvers Barn, through the said Parishes of Marledon and Pahtg-ton, to the North End of Town, within the

laid Parish of Paington;and likewise the Road leading from a Place called Keyberry Bridge, lying within the several Parishes of Woolborough aforesaid, and Combein-tinhead, or One of them, in the said County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Woolborough, Combeintinhead, Stokeintinkead, Coffinfivell, Saint Mary Church, and Torrmoham, in the County aforesaid, to Torrkey, in the said Parish of Torrmoham; are, by reason of the Nar-rownels thereof in feme Parts thereof, the Nature of the Soil, and otherwise, become so ruinous and dangerous to Travellers, as not to be repaired, widened, and altered as they ought to be, by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repairing the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Howe, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Jefferies, Captain Ourry, Sir William Baker, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Richard Vernon, Mr. Cadogan, Colonel Irwine, Mr. Linwood, Mr. Edward Nugent, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Robert Brudenell, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Morgan, Junior, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Charles Morgan, Sir James Dashwood, General Mojlyn, Mr. Maw by. Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Ryder, Colonel Burgoyne, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Brand, Sir George Savile, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Ongley; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders and principal Inhabitants, of the Towns and Parishes of Newton Bushel, Newton Abbott, Teingmouth, West Teingmouth, Woolborough, Combintinhead, Stokeintinkead, Saint Nicholas, Coffinfwell, Haccombe, Saint Mary Church, Torrmoham, Abbots Kerfwell, Kings Kerfwell, and Cock-ington, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads lead-, ing from the Eastern End of the said Town of Newton

Abbott,

Newton

Abbott

Road*.

k

» V

5 Geo. III.

11(

Januarii.

Abbott to Key berry Bridge, in the said Parish of Wool-borough; and from the said Bridge, through the aforesaid Parishes of Combintinhcad and to

the Passage House at Shalldonin the said Parish of Saint Nicholas; and from the said Bridge through the said Parishes of Combiutinhead, Stoke-

iutinhead, and Saint Mary Church, to the Pier or Harbour of Tor key, in the said Parish of Torrmoham; and

Charles Ktmys Tynte, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr;

Ridley, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Mr. Clive,

Mr. Nugent, Lord Coleraine, Sir Armine Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Walter, Mr. Whately, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wed, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Wed-derburne, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Colleton, Lord Frederick Campbell, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Richard

also from the said Bridge, through the said Parishes of f)'^> Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gilbert, Mr Mr.

Jhend, Mr. tfomas Lord Midleton, Mr.

Mr. Parker, Sir William Baker,

Sir George Pocock, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Willoughby, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Brand, Mr. Eliot, Sir Bennet Garrard, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir John Elwill, Mr. Finch, Mr. Fitzherbert, Major General bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and . Lambton, Mr. Ktijffifay, Mr. Keck, Sir Matthew Lambe, in Repair the said Roads, in such Manner as Mr. Lascelles, M Sir William Maynard, Lord

Combintinhcad, Abbots Kerfwell, CoffinfwelUffbtgs Kerf-well, and Saint Mary Church, to the Yow^ffcockington af® re said; are so very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, that the same cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to ’ keeping

Podington

Inclosure®

the House shall think proper. North, Mr. Northcy, Sir Thomas Palmer, Lord Parker,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Tracey, Mr' Tucker, Mr. Trevannion, Mr. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last pre- Mr. Plumptre, Sir Edward Bayntun, General Bofcawer.i Ceding Petition is referred: And) that they do examine Major General Bofcawen, Mr. Mr.

the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Archer, Mr. Vane, Lord Verney, shall appear to them, to the House. Mr. Walter, Mr. Mr. Woodley, Lord Carysfort,

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Francis Drake, *Sir A Petition of John Orlebar, Esquire, Lord of the Brook Bridges, Mr. James Mr. Bull, Mr.

Manor of Podington, in the Parish of Podington, in the ler. Lord George Cavendish, Lord Frederick

Cout% of Bedford, Impropriator of the Great Tythes Sir Mr. Egerton, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr.

arising within the said Parish, Patron of the Vicarage Fairfax, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Har-

of Podingtonaforesaid, and a considerable Proprietor of

certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, hnd Waste Grounds within the said Parish; the Reverend Arthur Bedford, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish;

vey, Mr. Capel Hanbury, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Nesbitt, Lord Harry Pawlett, Mr. Pratt, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Pye, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Re bow, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Robinson,

and Sir Thomas Alflon, Baronet, Saint Andrew Livefey, Mr. Rolle, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Scott, Mr. Thoroton,-. Richard Orlebar, and others, whose Names are there- Mr. Lord Sir Mr.

unto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Sir Warren, Sir George Yonge, Mr.- Yorke, Lord

Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Pro- Mr. DempJler, Sir Francis Mr. Thomas

prietors in the said Fields and Meadows lie intermixed Townshend, Junior, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Sir John Tur-and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields and Meadows, and in the said Pastures and|

in

Waste Grounds if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

ner. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Edward Walter, Mr. Powell, Mr. Price, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Rice, Mr. Roberts, Sir John Mr. Rufhout, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. , Sir Francis

Grand Committees;

given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Vincent, Mr. Willy, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Philip Carteret laid Fields, Meadows, Pr.ltures, and Waste Grounds Webb, Mr. Mr. Bootle, Mr. Wig-

in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. ley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Wynne, Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Lord Orwell, Mr. OJbaldeflon, Sir William Owen,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page, Lord Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thomas

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, andf Mr. Thomas Junior, Mr. Neville, Mr. Myddleton, Sir Roger

Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. MoJlyn, Mr. Murray, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Milles, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Monson, Lord Charles Montagu, Lord Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion derifk Montagu, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Luther, Sir James do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. LosAther, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Long, Mr. Mr.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed.

Altnvbey, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Knight, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Jones, Mr. Keppel, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Hunt, Mr. , Mr. Grey, Mr. Gray, Doctor Hay, Mr. Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Grevile, Lord Grey, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Grofuenor, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Mr. ForreJier, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr.

reau, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Duke, Mr.

Dr ax. Lord Dig by. Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Caveitdifk, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Byde, Mr. Butler, Mr.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bullock, I^ord Burgherfh, Mr. Barrow, Sir George Kynaston, Mr. Jenkinfot, Lord Howe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. gomery Metham: And they are to meet upon Mon-Hunter, Mr. Jefferies, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Alexander day Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the After-Grant, Mr. DyJ'on, Lord Villiers, Mr. Chancellor of the noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and to fit every Wed-Exchequer, Colonel Irwin, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. nesday, Friday, and Monday in the Afternoon; and all Blackstone, Mr. Lowndes, Sir James Dashwood, Sir Ro- who come are to have Voices; and they are to take bert Ladbroke, Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Harris, Sir George into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may

Savile, Mr. White, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Secre- come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and tary at War, Mr Martin, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Dowdef- Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in well, Mr. Parker, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Brudenell, Sir the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with Vol. 30. their

:4

Ufuai Orders*

8

ii® Januariu . 1765.

their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they willferve, provided there be no Quefrion upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in tjuntion touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined. ... i

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned againfr.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity againfr such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeaaor; and this House will proceed with the utmofr Seventy againfr such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given falle Evidence in any same before this House, or. any Committee thefeok this House will proceed with the utmost Severity againfr such Offender.

discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key deli\*ered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do tajep care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, l^pore the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do prefer me to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between ’Temple-bar and shall

Jie kept free and open, and that no Obliru<ftions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House d^giva Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament: and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

4

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Foot-f&en attending the Members'of this House to wait in*

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Eiednons of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Efo&jbns for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard aSwhe Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elc&ions, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the feme againfr the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the feme Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as fruU presume to dffobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by die special Order of the House. H

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to lie appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Houzs, at the least, immediately after the Riling of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the feme to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered>

5 Geo. Ill n Januarii9

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House at their next Sitting with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be nu)l and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print tKe fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 16th Day of February next.

1

Address on The Lord JVarkworth reported from the Committee the King’* appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-peec"' fented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the feme in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as follow* ethj viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign.

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty the most humble Thanks of this House for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Permit us, at the same Time, to offer to Your Majesty our dutiful Congratulations upon the Marriage agreed to be solemnized between the Prince Royal of Denmark and Her Royal Highness the Princess Caroline Matilda, as (oon as their respective Ages will permit; which happy Union cannot but be most pleasing to Your faithful Commons, as it must tend to cement and strengthen the ancient Alliance between the Crowns of Great Britain and Denmark, and thereby add Security to the Protestant Religion.

We beg Leave also to declare our Satisfeftion at those Events of the last Year, which promise the Continuance of the Peace (b happily established and maintained by your Majesty’s wife and steady Conduct; and to express our Hopes that the fresh Assurances, which have been given by the Courts of France and Spain, of their good Dispositions, the unanimous Choice of a Successor to the Imperial Throne, and the undisturbed Election of the King of Poland, will secure and confirm the general Tranquillity of Europe, In this situation, we think it our Duty to give our particular Attention to such Regulations, as will most effectually promote the internal good Order and Prosperity of these Kingdoms.

Your Majesty may be allured that we will, with Cheertulnels and Dispatch, raile such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the current Service of the Year. And, being thoroughly sensible of Your Majesty’s paternal Concern for the Relief and Welfare of Your People, in recommending to us the Improvement of the Public Revenue, and the Diminution of the National Debt, on which the future Safety of Great Britain most depend, we will apply ourselves, with the utmost Zeal and Assiduity, to cany into execution every proper Measure which may contribute to these great and falu-tary Purposes, and which the State of Your Majesty’s Dominions, and the Circumstances of the Times, shall require.

We acknowledge, with the liveliest Gratitude, the gracious Expressions of Your Majesty’s tender Affection, and of your constant Care, for the mutual Benefit and Support of all Your Subjects. And we allure Your

Vol. 30.

Majesty, that, animated with these Sentiments, wc will -endeavour to deserve the Confidence which Your Majesty is pleased to repose in us, by pursuing every Plan which shall appear to us to be calculated for the public Advantage; and will proceed therein with that Temper and Firmness, which will best conciliate and ensure due Submission to the Laws, and Reverence to the Legifla-tive Authority of Great Britain.

The said Address being read a Second Time}

Resolved. Nemine Contradicente, That the House doth agree wit nr the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s^npft honourable Privy Council, do humbly know Wis Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most gracious Speech Eng’s to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Confident- sP^ jto be

rr, . r CODlidered.

tion Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Or- Importation der, a Bill for Importation of fajted Beef, Pork, Bacon, of ^ted and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited: rov ons*

And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Merchants, whole Names Bringing are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and Effects frotn several other Merchants concerned in the Trade to Colonies. Guadeloupe, Martinieo, and the Havannah, was presented to the House, and read: Reciting, That, by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, reciting, that, by the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the Crowns of France and Spain, ratified the ioth Day of March 1763, the Islands of Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Degrade, Martinieo, and Goree, were ceded to France-, and

all that His Majesty had conquered in the Island of Cuba, was ceded to Spain; and the Term of Eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of the said Treaty, was thereby allowed to British Subjects to transport their Effects from those Islands, to the end that His Majesty’s Subjects, having Effects in the Places before mentioned, might have all due Encouragement and Opportunity to bring the same from thence; it is enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any of His Majesty’s Subjects to import into this Kingdom, at any Time before the First Day of November 1764, and no longer, in British Ships, navigated according to Law, directly from the Places before-mentioned, any Goods or Effects, being the Growth or Produce thereof respectively, upon Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only as would be due and payable for the feme, if such Places had remained, and were in Possession of His Majesty; and that, under the Sanction of the said Act, the Petitioners did, agreeable to the said Treaty of Peace, freight several Ships to Martinieo, Guadeloupe, and the Havannah; and that the Inability of the French Subjects, in the Islands of Guadeloupe and Martinieo, to pay the Debts due to the British Subjects, within the Time stipulated by the said Treaty of Peace, having occasioned a Prolongation of the Terms of Payment of such Debts, the Governors of the said Islands permitted the British Ships to remain there till such Payments should be completed; and the constant Easterly Winds having detained at Sea such Ships as were coming from the Havannah beyond the Time so limited by the said Act, none of the said Ships could, or did arrive in any Part of Great Britain, before the said First Day of November last: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

D Ordered,

o

IO

11

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fatt contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Cust, Mr. Mr.

Nugent, I.ord George Sa Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Jenkinson, Lord Strange, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Meredith, Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Glover, Sir James Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. West, Sir Roger Newdigatt, Mr.

Bolton, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Orwell, Mr. Martin, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Baker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr.

Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir George Savile, Sir Charles daunt. Lord North, Mr. Gore, Mr. Brand, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Bacon-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

of Man. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of such Proceedings as have been had finde the rl6th Day of March 1764, in pursuance of so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth'Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenues of the " Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties," as empowered: . the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to treat with the Proprietors of the Iste of Man for the absolute Purchase or Sale, Release or Surrender, of the said Iste to the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His "Xt&jeily by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ditto. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give 'Directions that there belaid before this House, Copies of all Orders given by His Majesty, for carrying into due execution the several Laws in being for preventing "the illicit Trade to and from the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ditto. ! ' Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report, dated the Fourth Day of January 1765, from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the illicit Trade to and from the Iste of Man.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House,-a Copy bfthe Representation and Memorial of the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of December 1764, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the illicit Trade to and from the Iste of Man, and to certain Manufactures established there.

fanttarii.

A. 1765.

Sabbati, 12° die;

Anno 50 Georgii III'" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

LORD Charles Spencer reported to the House, that ^meap-. His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Ma- Address. jesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleated to be attended by'this House, had been pleased to appoint to lie attended this Day, at Two of the Clock, at His Palace of St. James.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Arswer to Addresses of Yesterday, that the Account and Copies Apar^/or therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had ai>eri' been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He wilj give Directions accordingly.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, pur- We of Man. suant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, The 17th of August 1764. —

- Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for carrying into due execution the Laws in force for preventing the illicit Trade carried on to and from the " Iste of ManAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, "The 17th of August 1764. —

" Copy of His Majesty^ Order in Council, for noti-" fying to foreign Courts His Majesty’s Order fyr " carrying into due execution the Laws in force for " preventing the illicit Trade earned on to and from " the Iste of Man."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That tire laid Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by (he Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, pursuant to Ditto.' their Orders,

Copy of the Report, dated the Fourth Day nuary 1765, from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the illicit Trade to and from the Isle of Man: And also.

Copy of the Representation and Memorial of the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of December 1764, to ti c Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the illicit Trade to and from the Iste of Man, and to certain Manufactures established there.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

\ Hynde Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor be desired

Jan!*©. to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon Wednesday the 30th Day of this Instant January: And that Mr. Ryder and Mr. Bacon do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, pursuant to Ditto, their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Letter, dated 25th of 1764, from/ the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to the Duke of Athol, in relation to the Purchase of the Iste of Man: And also.

Copy of a letter, dated 20th August 1764, from the Duke of Athol, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, in relation to the Sale of the Iste of Man:

And also.

Copy of a Letter, dated 12th of September 1764, from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to the Duke of Athol, in relation to the Purchase of the Iste of Man.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

18 Ordered,

5 Geo. III. la6 — 14 11

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, Four Open Common Arable Fields, together with other

to be perilled by the Members of the House. fmiall Pieces of Ground, the whole containing by Estima-

The laid Copies are preserved amongst the Other tion 1390 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of Papers of this Session* the Proprietors in the said Fields lie intermixed and dif-

perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Lang’t Nat. A Petition of Luder Lang was presented to the House; Improvement; and alledging, that, if the said Fields were

an.d read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring divided and inclosed, it would be of great Benefit to the in a Bill for his Naturalization. Petitioners, and to the Public in general: And there-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac* fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Bill for ..tlividing and inclosing the Laid Fields, in such Mr. Mawbey and Sir George Tongst*do prepare, and Manner, and under such Regulations; as to the House

bring in, the lame. shall seem meet.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; Hardingilone Mr. Frederick Montagupresented to the House, ac- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition ! And thal and cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Lord Brozonlow Bertie and Mr. do prepare, and

Inclosure Opefl Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common bring’in, thq^aine.

Meadows, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground.

within the Manors and Parish of and Cot-

ton, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Plauel’* Nat. A Petition of John William Plauel was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Qlynne and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation A Bill for Importation of felted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

of salted an(j gutter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was

Provinons. ’

read a Second 1 irae.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Isle of Man. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, 1 Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, dated the Twentieth Day of , 1764, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treafyry, relating to the illicit Trade to and from the Isle of Man.

The Order of the Day being read;

King'sSpeech The House proceeded to take into Consideration His

considered. Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read ,by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunacy 140 die Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1765. Prayers.

Coclerington A PETITION of Ge F.lquire, Lord of the Imlofure. Jf\_ Manors, and of several other Owners and' Proprietors of Lands lying in the Parishes of North

ington and South Coclerington, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors and Parishes, Vql. 30.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Id Chatteri* put in execution Two several Acts of Parliament; Ferry passed in the ill and 14th Years of his late Majesty, fot repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to Somtrjkam Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said County; and allb of several other Persons residing in or near the Towns of Somersham, Woodkurst, Saint Ives, Holywell with -ingworth, Bluntifham, and Earith, in the said County of Huntingdon; was presented to the House, and read ’;

Setting forth. That there is now due and owing upoA the Credit of the said Acts the Sum of £. 1,000 which, together with the Tolls collect!ed, have been duly applied in execution of the said Acts; notwithstanding which the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owin£ be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts are enlarged and made more effectual; and further letting forth, that the Road leading from Somersham Bridge aforesaid, over Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the White Hart, in the Sheep Market, in Saint Ives aforesaid; and the Road branching out of the said lati-raentjoned Road, at or near Stocks Bridge, leading through Needingworth, to the Second House on the Right Hand in Earith, in the said County of don, is in a very ruinous condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of the said Two Acts of Parliament, and for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Hoads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Montagu, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Edmonjfone, Mr. TMr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sulivan, Mr.

Mr. Grey, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Meyr'tck, Sir Laurence Dundas, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. , Mr. Fuller,

Sir Richard Bampfylde, Sir Edward Baynlun, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hew-

ett, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles , Sir

Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Holt, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Richard Fuller, Mr.

Femoti, Mr. Elliott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton,

Lincoln, apd Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. -

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal

Inhabitants Poor.

II

14 ° Jahuarii. A 1755.

Inhabitants in the Hundreds of Lots and in

the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundreds, except , the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Parillies of Woodbridge and , in the

Hundred of Lots, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor within the several Parishes in the said Hundred (except in the Parishe^ b^pre excepted) are confidently increased, and are mamtained at a much greater charge than formerly; and stating to the House many Advantages, which, the Petitioners alledge, would arise, if the Poor were put under proper Government, and a Plan provided for their general Reception; and if the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the said Hundreds were incorporated and appointed Guardians of the Poor thereof, with such Provisions, Powers, and Regulations, as may be necessary for carrying the said Design into execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the said Hundreds, for the Purposes aforesaid, excepting the reout the said Parishes of Woodbridgt and Framlingham, who, on account of their large Endowments for the Benefit of their Poor, do desire to be excepted out of thff'intended Incorporation.

Ordertd \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Holt, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Fonejier, Mr. Upton, Mr Sir

Gibbons, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Long, Mr. T Mr. Waller, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Bunbury, Mr. Grey, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Jler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hewitt, Sir Charles Mr. Bejl, Mr. Millet, Sir John Barrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anglesey A Petition of the Lieutenant, High Sheriff several Koadi. of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holy Head, and from thence through Lanerchymedd, Pentraeth, and Beaumaris, to a Place called Uron, in the Parish of Lland ifilio, all in the said County of Anglesey, is, in many Places, narrow, incommodious, and greatly out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Meyrick, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Edmonfone, Mr. Sir Robert

Fuller, Mr. Long, Mr. Richmond Webb, Mr. Sibthorpe, Lord Strange, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Demffter, Mr. Pennant, Mr. WaucJiope, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Richard Fuller, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Harbord. Sir Charles Mor daunt. Lord Verney, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Curzon, Sir Edward BayMr. Fonnereau, Mr. For-

rejier, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Holt, Sir Jarrit Smith; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales', and for the Counties zz

of Chester, Lancaster, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Mnlleo* execution an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads leading Ro*L from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the F.ighteen-Mtte Stone from the City of near

Hrtlloughby and from WestAmefoury to Anjlow

Hill, and from Amefbury to Fiddleton, and from the New Inn in Amefbury to the End of the Parish leading to Durington, and from Wily to Cooks House, and Land-ford, and from Beacon Hill, to the Nag's Head, and from thence. One Mile of the Road leading to Shrew-ton, in the County of Wilts; and of several Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Trustees, have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and find the Roads therein mentioned cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and the Money now owing upon the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are further continued and made more effectual; and that the High Roads from the Turnpike Road by Thruxton Inclosures, commonly called the Cow Downs, leading to KemptonBujhes, and across Kempton Field, to the -smith's Shop at Littleton, in the said Parish of Kempton, and Fifty Yards further towards and from the

Turnpike Road about Half a Mile West ward from Mullens Pond, to Mr. Jennen's Well, and from thence to Salters Lane, at Eafi Choldcrton, and from thence to Mullens Pond, and a Lane called Applefhaw Lane, leading out of East ChaUlerton, towards Andover, being about Se-

venty Lugs, which joins the Andover Turnpike Road, are in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts narrow, and incommodious to Passengers, and the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened, by the present Method provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of the said A ft, and for repairing and widening the said Roads, in Inch Manner as to thq- House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Basntun, Mr. monftone, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Mr.

Forrefer, Mr. Waller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Stephens,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Long, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Sandys, Ijord Villiers,

Mr. Banbury, Mr. Thyme, Mr. Lynch, Mr.

rice, - Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Holt, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. J. Calvert, Mr. Ottgley, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir John Glynne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Southampton,

Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pert'ons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees and others, whose Names Wnnr.foster are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in execution Roads, an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, was presented to t lie House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts; and that the Money now

owing

Geo. HI. 140 JanttariL 13

owing, on the Credit of the said Acts, cannot, during the Continuance thereof, be repaid, and all Parts of the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Aifts be enlarged, and new Powers be granted; and that the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Bore ham, to the South End of Bishopftrow, and from the House, late John Ford's, at Crocker ton, through Deveril and through a Lane called Dans Lane, to the Top of Lords-hill, and from thence, by Pertivood to

the Dir eft ion Post, where the Turnpike Road

ends, at East Knoyle, and from the Turnpike Road leading over War muffler Common, to the Direction Post at the End of Shute Lane, in the Parish of Horningsham; and from the East End of Back Lane, to the Lamb Ink in Warminster, and from the Quarries on Sack-hill, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bole/borrow to West bury; and from One Furlong beyond Coleway, to a Close called Hill's Close, in the Parish of Upton Skydmore-, are in a ruinous Condition,'and, in many Places, so narrow that Carriages cannot pass by each other; and that the said Roads cannot properly be amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Courl'e of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave be given to impower the Trustees to repair and widen the said Roads: And whereas it was enacted by the said former Acts> that only One Half of the Toll should be taken for any Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, passing through any Gate that should be erected upon any Part of the Road leading from the East End of Back Lane, to the House of John Ford, at Crockertoand from the Pound, in Pound Street, to Two Furlongs beyond the Common Gate j but, as it is now propoted to extend those Roads to much greater Distance, that that Clause in the said former Acts may be repealed; and that Leave may be

fiven to take the full Toll at the Gates erected on those ’arts of the Road j and that the Money received and arising from the Tolls collected at each and every lepa-rate Gate (after paying the Expence of collecting the fame, and a proportionable Part of the Interest of the . Money borrowed or to be borrowed, and allb of the

Clerk and Surveyors Salary) may be separately, particularly, and distinctly applied to the repairing and amending of that Part of the Road only on which such Gate respectively doth Hand, and to no other Purpose whatsoever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, by the before-mentioned Acts granted and given, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Thomas , Mr. Lynch, Mr.

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonefter, Mr. , Mr. IValler,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Sir Jarrit

Smith, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Thynne, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fitz-maurice. Lord Villiers, Mr. J. Calvert; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Southampton, Dorset, ^nd Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber i and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

plan el * Sir John Gfyme presented to the House, according to

Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John William Plauel: And the feme was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Podington Mr. Ongley presented to the Hotlle, according to Or-lndofure. der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

VOL.30.

aild Commonable Waste Grounds, in thf M&ftdr and Parish of Podington, in the County of Bedford t Add the feme was received> and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Head a Second Time* / z

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold1- Widhorit ers, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Kent and' *: SuJJ'ex, was presented to the House, and read \ Setting forth. That the High Roads leading from Wadkurjh Town, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road-at Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hitt, in the said County of Kent (where such Turnpike Road ends) and: from the Top of Pullen's Hitt, through the' Parishes of Horftmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West , in the said County of Kent, to West Farley Street, being the;

Great Road from Wadhurst, Lamberhurst, and many other Parts and Places in the Weald of Kent and Suffer, to Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and the navigable River there, are, in many Places, so very ruinous, deep, and founderous, that they cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by . the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may b4 given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping iri Repair, the said Roads, under such Regdla- . ... /f tions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fuller, Mr. Luttrell, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sibthorpe,

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hewett , Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Jarrits Smith, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Parker, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Stephens, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Upton, Sir Charles Mor daunt', Mr. r

defwell. Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Alderman . I

General Statnvix, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Town- ,

ft end, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gere s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey,

sex, Southampton, and Essex, the City of London,.end for* the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon,' at Five erf- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and" have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Mr. Mawbey presented to the House, according to Laag’i

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Luder Lang: And the/ Kat. feme was received; and read the First; Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, that the House Aeswer

attended His Majesty on Saturday last, with their Ad* to,

dress; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this" most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this very dutiful and affectionate Add rest: And I receive, with the greatest Pleasure your Congratulations on the Marriage agreed to be solemnized between the Prince Royal of,

and My SifteF, the Princess Caroline Matilda. My constant Endeavour shall be employed to preserve thn public Tranquillity, to secure the Rights, and prom<?te the Happiness of My People,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Importation a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for of Sahe4 Importation of felted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, *>r0r^0B*' from Ireland, for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

E Ordered,

Supply.

Me of Man*

Hfcvannali prize Money.

Accounts; Customs.

14 14® — 15° JanuaHi. A. 1765.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. /

The other Order of the Day being read* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Hdbfe fefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Jenkinson prefertted to the House, pursuant to

their Order,

Copy of the Report from the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, dated the 20th Day of October 1764, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relating to the illicit Trade to and from the of Man.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter 'Burrell have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly,

That the Agent, or Agents, employed to receive and pay the Prize Money to the Army employed in taking the Havarmah, do lay before this House a Copy or Copies of the Orders for the Distribution of the said Prize Money; and also an Account of the Monies received, and paid; and what Shares, or Sum or Sums of Money, still remain in his or their Hands.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1764: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1763; what have been since brought in j what exported; and also what remained at Michaelmas 1764: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1763; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1764: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter , and Custom-house, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1763, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have been returned; and what remained at Michaelmas 1764: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from KuJJia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1763 to Michaelmas 1764: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England (commonly called the Out Ports) from Michaelmas 1763 to Michaelmas 1764: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to s,

and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out; and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1764.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Jacob Nadal: And also,

A Petition of John James Lang-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying. That their Names may be inserted in the Bill now depending, for naturalizing John William Plauel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Marits, 150 die Januarii;

,. Anno 5® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1765.

Praters.

JUDER LANG took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the 'East India Warehouses in Saint Helens, since Michaelmas 1763; what exported; and also what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1764: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses in Leadenhall, and Billiter-Lane, in the Port of , from Michael-

mas 1763 to Michaelmas 1764; what exported; and 22

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying in the Open Commons, Common Fields, and Meadows, of Donnington, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Proprietors of Lands lying in the said Common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie open and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and others, according to their respective Interests, it would be very advantageous to them: And "therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the mid Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Mr. Bagot, Mr. ler, and Mr. Tracey, ^lo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Walden.Hanmer, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Simpson, in the County of Bucks, Patron of the living the re, and Owner of Lands in the Township of Simpson aforesaid, the Reverend Dixon Reddall, Clerk;

Rector

N.idal'a

and

Lang’s

JSac.

Donnington

indofue.

Simpson

inclosure.

Horley

and

Hornton

Inclosure,

Account; Wool, Lc.

Supflf,

ECinnatcs,

itQ.

5 Geo. III.

15* Jatiua

Rc&or of the Parish Church of for the Time

being, and other Proprietors of, and interested in, the Common Fields, Common Cow Pasture and other Commonable Places, and Commonable Ground* there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners and others are intermixed, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that it would not only be beneficial to the said Proprietors, and interested Persons, but to the Public, if the same were divided into Severalty, in Proportion to the respective Rights and Interests of each Person: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Cow Pasture, and other the Commonable Places and Grounds in the said Township of Simpson, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edward Turner, and Mr. Upton, do prepare, and bring, in the lame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Common Fields,-Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Townships and Hamlets of ley and Hornton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Town-ships or Hamlets, Two large Open and Common Fields, called Horley Field, and Hornton Field, together with some Odd Lands, lying intermixed with each other, and containing in the whole 2000 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Properties of the Petitioners and others He intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Pre miles, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Townshend and Mr. Peter Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wool and Woollen Yarn, imported from Ireland into this Kingdom within the last Fourteen Years; distinguishing each Year, and also the Ports from and to which the same was exported and imported,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1765, with an Estimate of the Vol. 30.

15

Half-pay of Officers of the Navy, atld of such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the Uft War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year 1765, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1765, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1765, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Ckelfea Hospital, for the Year 1765, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Monies given for the SeiYice of the Year *764, have been diipofedof; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at the 5th Day of April 1764, and the 10th Day of October 1764, as well of, or for, the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of, or for, the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of, or for, the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty^ most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Nugent, according to Order, reported from the Importation

of Salted Provi&ona,

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: where the Re* port was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed, with refipeft to the said Amendment and the subsequent Parts of the BUI.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill, with respect to the said Amendment and the subsequent Parts of the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Messagefrem House, that he had a Message from His Majesty to this t!le."08» 1-Joule, signed by His Majesty: And he presented the fan»e*to- the House: and it was read by Mr. Speaker (aft the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE

Prisoner* of War.

i6-

15* — i6° Jamarii.

A. 1765.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having received from the Ambassador of the Most Christian King, a Declaration, made by Order of his Court, containing a proposal for the more speedy Settlement of the Accounts concerning the Subfinence and Maintenance of Prisoners of War, and for the Discharge of the Balance due thereon* is desirous, as the Parliament is now fitting, to know the Sense of His faithful Commons, before He takes his final Resolution upon thk Subject: And has therefore ordered a Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration, together with the Accounts referred to therein, to be laid before the House of Commons.

R.

Wfoner*: Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the of War. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Declaration made by Order of his Most Christian Majesty, containing a Proposal for the more speedy Settlement of the Accounts concerning the Sub-frstence and Maintenance of Prisoners of War, and for the Discharge of the Balance due thereon, dated 5th Jantury 1765; and Translation: And also,

Ctroy an Account delivered by Order of His Most Christian Majesty, being a State of the Expence for the Maintenance and Subsistence of Prisoners of

War, who were detained in France during the late War, and at Mar time0 and Guadduring the Year 1756:

and Translation: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Articles whereon the Charge u of *£..121,990 is. id. mentioned in the General Abstradk of subsisting French Prisoners of War to the 1 ith November 1762, was incurred And also. Account, shewing the Charge of maintaining and supporting French Prisoners of War in his Majesty’s Dominions, at Home and Abroad, between the 14th October 1755, and I ith November 1762; distinguishing the Expence of subsisting those confined in Prisons, in Hof-pitals, and on Parole, respectively; and the Number who have been subsisted daily, on an Average, in each Year, during the Time above-mentioned; with an Ab-ftfadfc of the Total Charge, and the estimated Expence of maintaining and supporting for One Week, or One Day, the Number of Prisoners remaining in England, at the Time this Account ends.

And the said Translation of the said Declaration was read.

And the Titles of the other Papers were read.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 160 dJanuarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III"' Regis, 1765,

Prayers.

Kardinftftone A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Common and d\. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Cotton Common Grounds, Lancs, and Waste Ground, Within Itclosure. t|ic Manors and Parish of Harding/lone and Colton, In the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr, Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Norris, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Byde, Doctor Hay, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mr.

Willoughby, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Holt, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Dyson, Sir Jarril Smith, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Parker, Mr. Towr Mr. Barrow, Mr. Meyrick, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

Grey, Mr. Shafto, Sir Roger New dilate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petitiorf of the several Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the Parish and Manor of Walsingham, in the County of Durham, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having a Right of Common Upon the Moors, Commons, or Trails of Waste Ground, therein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read . Setting forth. That there are several large Moors or Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground within and belonging to the said Manor, called South Moor, North Moor, and Park Moor, containing Ten thousand Acres or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of very little Service; and that the Parties interested are willing and desirous that the same may be inclosed, cultivated, and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, ITiat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Me.

Robert Shaftoeand Mr. Fane do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Charles Greville Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trullees appointed to put in execution Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the First and Fourteenth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferxy, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somerjhan End, in the said County; and also of several other Persons retiding in or near the Towns of Somersham, kurjl. Saint Ives, Holywell with Needingworth,

sham, and Earith, in the said County of Huntingdon; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read.

Mr. Thomas Johnson said. That £. 1,000, had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and still remains due, which cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in good Repair, during the present Terms of the Acts; and that the Powers of the said Acts are ineflfedtual.

And Mr. Johnson said. That the Road from Somersham Bridge, over Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the White Hart, in the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and the Road branching out of the said last mentioned Road near Stocks Briage, through worth, to the Second House on the Right Hand in Earith, is ruinous and bad, and in many Places narrow: That the neighbouring Parishes have been taxed for repairing the lame; but the Money so raised hath been found insufficient effectually to repair the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave; be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving

further

Walfingbom

Inclosure-

Chattern

Ferry

to

Earith

Road.

5 Geo. III. 16° Jannani. 17

further Powers for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to So* mtrsham Bridge, at Some Town’s End, in the said County; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge aforesaid, over Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the White Hart, in the Sheep Market, in Saint Ives-, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth to Earith, in the said County: And that Lord Charles Oreville Montagu and Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wolfingbim A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, Tene-lndofure. ments, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of

singham, in the County Palatine of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on the Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having a Right of Common upon the Moor or Common, or Trad: of Waste: , Ground, therein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Moor or Common.orTradof Waste Ground, lying within, and belonging to, the said Manor of commonly

called Bollyhope Fell, containing Seven thousand Acres, or thereabouts, wffich, in its present State, is of very little Use or Service, and the fame, or by much the greatest Part thereof, is capable of Cultivation and Improvement j and that the Parties interested are willing and desirous that the same may be inclosed, cultivated, and improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vane and Mr, Robert Shaftoe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wadhurst, Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Ro*' and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the -Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petftion, Thomas Moreland Esquire, being examined, laid. That the Roads leading from Wa Town, in the County of Sttjfex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent, and from Pullen's Hill, through Horsemonden, Mar den, and West

Farley, to a Place called West Farley Street, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

A Member present at the Committee confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wadhurst Town, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road "at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsemonden, Mar den, Yalden, and West Farley, to a certain Place or Street called West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent: And that Mr. Fairfax, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Blackheath, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are *mI*Dett« t^ercunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Traders of ..and within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rookefley, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Leffhefs, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, ard read; Setting forth. That, within the said Hundreds, are several Artificers, Mechanics, La-Vol. 30.

bourers, and others, who are frequently contrafting small Debts, many of whom, although well able, refulc to pay their lawful Debts, presuming on the Discouragement and Difficulties their Creditors lie under from the Expence they aie unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in filing the m: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recover}' of small Debts, within the Hundreds aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Anthony Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Mf.

Nugent, Mr. Forrefler, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Bull, Mr. Calvert, Sir Roger Neivdigate,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Coleraine, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Houblon, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Shafto, Doflor Hay, Mf.

Fonnereau, Mr. Butler, Mr. Byde; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, EJJ'ex, Suffix, and Surrey j and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per* fons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses Dcticaster of the Borough and Soak of Doncaster, in the County Inclosure, of York, and of other Persons, being Owners of Lands, *c* and other Properties in the several Parishes or Town-ships of Doncaster, Cant ley. Lover fall, Wadwoith, and Roftington, in the Well Riaing of the said County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are; within tire said Parishes or Town-ships, several Lands and Grounds called Potterick Carr, including also Balby Carr, Doncaster Carr, Carrhouse Carr,

High Ellers Catr, Befficar Carr, Loverfdl Carr, and also several other Low and Marlhy Grounds, being no Part of the said Potterick Carr, but lying contiguous thereto, called Wadworth Carr, Roftington Carr, Holmes Carr, and several I^ands and Grounds, containing in the whole 4000 Acres, or thereabouts, which are subject to be overflowed with Water; and that it-would be very advantageous to the Parties inierelte;’ in the said Lands, if the same were properly embanked ai d drained; and that it would be a llill further Improvement, if the said Lands called Balby Carr, Doncaster Carr,

Carrhouse Carr, High Ellers Carr, and Befficar Carr, were likewil’e to be incloted and divided into specific Allotments to and amongst the several Persons ir.te-rested therein; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations as the Houft shall think fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tho Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Saviie, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hayes, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Dyson, Colonel Howe, Mr. Hervey, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Pratt, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Fitzherbert,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Vernon, Sir gate, Mr. Butler, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Westmorland, Lincoln, and Lane aft er: and they are to meet tfiis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

F Speaker’s

Arglefe?

Road*.

Wircham

Ro*d$.

18 16° Januaru. . 176^5.

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Meyrick reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Lieutenant, High Sheriff, several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants, of the County of was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Evans being examined, said, That the Road from Porthacthwy Ferry to Holy Head, and from thence through Llanerchymedd, Pontraeth, and , to a Place called Uron, in the Parish of , in the County of Anglesey, is, in many Parts, very narrow, and greatly

out of Repair; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from ethwy Ferry to Holy Head, and from thence through Llanerchymedd, Pontraeth, and Beaumaris, to a Place called Uron, in the Parish of LlandiJUio, in the County of Anglesey: And that Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Price, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereuto subscribed, being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of residing near, and

usually travelling, the High Roads therein after mentioned, lying within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Hoad leading from the Market Cr in the Town of ham, through the South Street of the said Town, and through Parts of the foeral Parishes, Hamlets, Towns, and- Villages, of the Holy Trinity, Stowborough, Corse Castle, Kingston, Langton, Maltravers, and Swan-

wick, to the Dwelling House of John Chapman, Clerk, at the East End of Swanwick; and also the Road leading from the said Market Cross in through the

West Street of the said Town, and through Parts of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Villages, of Lady Saint Mary, Worgret, Stoke, Beer, Regis, Woolbridge, Turners Piddle, Brians Piddle, Ajfpiddle, Piddletown, and Stins-ford, to Stinsford Cross, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bland ford to Dorchester-, and also the Road leading from the said Market Cross in Wareham, through the North Street of the said Town, and over a Bridge called Sand-ford Bridge, and through Parts of the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Villages, of Saint and Litchet

Minster, otherwise called South to a Gate, or

Gateway, leading from Holton Heath to Kings and from the Turnpike Road between the said Bridge and Pool Gate, through the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Villages, of Litchet Minster aforesaid, Corse, Mullen, and Cams rd to Gillen Bridge, near Winborne; and also the Road leading from Stanford Bridge aforesaid, through Part of the Parish of Morden, to the House known by the Sign of The Cock and Bottle, in the said Parish of Morden, in the County of Dorset; by reason of their Narrowness in some Places, and of several steep stills and stony Rocks, are very inconvenient, and, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous and dangerous, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courl'e of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping the said Roads and Streets in Repair and good Order, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, The the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Grey,

Sir Robert Long, Mr . Fannereau, Mr. Nugent, Sir ward Turner, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Mr. Parker, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp Protlar, Mr. Brand, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

stone, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr, Mr. Bogota

Mr.Holt, Sfr John Glynne, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Mr. Butler, Mr. Townshwd, Mr. Bidler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, , Southampton, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

The House being informed, that Mf. Cctwne, Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at* tended at the Door; he was called in; and, .at the Bah presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts: of the War* " dens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of " the City of London, from the iotb of October r 76$, " to the 10th of October 1764., directed to be laid bpfore each House of Parliament, by Two several- Acts; " the One of the Twenty-first Year-of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled* " An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the War* " dens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of " the City of London; and the other of the Fourth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George " the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the " Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SelEon.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, that His Majesty would be graciously’pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, Lilt, and Accounts, therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He wiil give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, porfo-ant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1765: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great,

from the 25th December 1764, to the 24.H1 December 1765, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days: And. also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garriibn at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1764, to the 24th December 1765, both Days Lnclulive; being 365 Day*: And also,

Eftiinata of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1765: And ailo,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Halt-pay in Great Britain-, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1765.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate

Arcoonn

from thf M'rcer* Co.nptay.

An Twer to

Addref* for Estimates, Sec.

Estimate*

&c.

5 Geo. III. i 6° Janu 19

Brunswick Estimate of the Charge of the Subsidies due to the 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Subsidiew Qu^e of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year Year 1765: And also,

1765: And all®, Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the feve*

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay be- ral Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops tween the British and Irish Establishment, of Five Re- of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and giments of Foot, serving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops the ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from 25th December of Horse Guards, for the Year 1765.

1764, to the 24th December 1765, both Days incluOve: And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lifts were

And also, read.

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of The said Lifts, and aHb the last of the said Efti-His Majestry’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on mates, are preserved amongst the other Papers

0 the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and of this Session; and the rest of the said Efti-

who were married to them before the 25 th of December mates are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 3 of.

estimate

20

i 6* Januarii.

A. 1765.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 1765.

General and Staff Officer* -

War-Office, 16th January 1765.

For 365 D-yi.

11,291 8

W. Ellis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great from the 25th December 1764, to the 24th December 1765, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

First Troop of Life Guards * Second D° - -

storle. - { First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second D° -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D*

Third-D* -

The Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Duke of Argyll's Dragoons. { Earl of Albemarle's Sir Robert Rich's -Lieut. General s -

Lieut. General George Howard's Sir John Mordaunt's Earl of Attcram's -

Light J Major General Eliott's Dragoons. \ Colonel Bourgoyne's

‘First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards Sir Henry Erskine's 2d Battalion Lieut. General Duroure's Regiment -General Guise's Lord Robert Bertie's Major General Stanwix's -Lieut. General Napier's -Lieut. General Pulteney's -Major General Jefferyes's -Earl of Panmnre's -Lieut. General Bofcawen's Lord George Lennox's Colonel Oughton's -Lieut. General Noel's

Foot

Lord Lindores's Late Lord Lindores's Major General Parker's -Invalids. I Major Acks -Major Cliffe's -Lieut. Colonel LineTs -Eight Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Deduct, Lieut. Enf.

f Late Lord Lindores's - O

From 1 Parker's - - 1 -(

Invalids. \ Cliffe's - - - »C"

fLind's - i i; ToTAt

Numbers.

l8l

l8l

I?7

I76

319

345

231

231

23

231

231

23

231

231

231

231

231

231

1649

1058

1058

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

529

555

385

495

3'3

261

208

416

Dead

L°34

2*655

462

10,642

2,633

17,426

5

W ar Office, 16th January 1765.

17,421

tV. Ellis.

Pay of the Troops ana Regiment ‘ior 365 Day*.

£ r# d.

1 ’,605 3 4

17,605 3 4

10,870 18 4

>0.743 3 4

26,054 18 4

18,878 2 I

12,896 >3 4

12,896 >3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 >3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 >3 4

12,896 >3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 '3 4

12,896 13 4

12,896 >3 4

45,980 17 6

29»759 13 4

29,814 8 4

11,065 11 8

11,321 1 8

11,3a1 1 8

11,467 1 8

11,321 1 8

11.321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

11,321 1 8

10,305 11 8

6,702 6 3

8,937 iS 9

5,566 5 —

4,653 *5 —

3,74i 5 —

7,227

32,200 1 I —

20,000 — —

1

Total.

£ s. d.

82,879 6 8

147,844 15 5 25,793 6 8

252,619 10 10

47.164 1 8

52,200 11 —

608,501 12 3

371 1 8

608,130 10 7

5 Geo. Ill

i6° Januar'ti.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including thofii in Garriioii at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1764, to the 24th 1765, both Days intlufivej

being 365

Pay of the Regi- TOtAt.

Numbeis. ments, for 365 Day*.

Lieut. General Whitmore'% Regiment - 500 - ip,7og 14 2

Sir Jeffery Amherffs - - - . - . 500. - 10,709 14 2

Major General Monckton's ----- 500 - 10,709 14 2

Major General Gage's ----- 500 10,709 14 2

Lieut. General Warburton's ----- 500 10,709 14 2

Major General Lord Townffield's 5°o - 10,709 14 2

Lieut. General Leighton's ----- 5° © - 10,709 14 2

Lord Frederick Cavendish's ----- 300 - 10,709 14 a

Colonel Fletcher's ----- 500 - 10,709 14 2

Lord Robert Manners's ----- 500 10,709 14 2

Major General Armiger's - Lord John Murray's - - - - 500 10,709 14 2

500 - 10,709 14 2

Lieut. General Abercrombie's - 500 - 10,709 14 2

Major General Bofcawen's , - Colonel William Howe's - - - - _ 500 - - 10,709 14 2

500 m 10,709 14 2 > t

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions t, OOI 21,674 18 4

Lord /Idaw Gordon s - 300 10,709 14 ai.

ftlajor General Lambtoyt s 500 -» 10,709 14 2

Colonel Trapaud's - - 5©3 10,001 10,709 14 2 *14.449 *3 4

Garrisons in North America; viz. Quebee, Montreal., Saint Augvj,

3,613 10 —

Garrisons at AnnapolisKoyal\C John's

in Newfoundland, Louijbourg, Saint John's

3>566

Garrisons in the islands of Grenada, Saint , Do-

minica, and Tobago - - 2,786 3 4

Officers serving with the Forces in North America 9,645 2 6

2,000 — —

MINORCA.

Colonel Burton's Regiment - 529 11,321 1 8

Lie lit. General Bocklatui's. - - - 529 11,321 1 8 1 j

Sir John Griffin Griffin’s ' 5Z9 11,321 1 8

Lieut. General Stuart's ----- 529 2,116 11,321 1 8 45,284 6 8

Officers of the Garrison, &c. 5,890 3 9

GIBR ALTAR.

Lord George Beauclerk's Regiment ’ -Lieut. General Kingjley's - - 529 m 11,321 1 8

529 11,321 1 8‘

Lieut. General Cornwallis's - - - - 1 529 m 11,321 1 ~8

Earl of Loudoun's 529 *,116 11,321 1 8 45,284 6 8

Officers of the Garrison, Wc. - A a m 3.749 *2 3

Provisions for 15 Battalions of Foot in North Ame- -

rica, Nova Scotia, and Ne, lAc. deducing id. fer Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man to-

wards that Expence r

Remains to be borne by the Government m 22,242 3 9

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - r m 19,238 14 10 \

Provisions for the Forces in the Ceded islands - - t 9,752 6 ioi 51>233» 5 5*

Total m m I4>233 I 387,50a 3 11}

War Office. 16th January 1765.-

W, Ellis.'

Vol. 30,

c

2 2

t 6° JanuariL

J. t/^5-

j ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Oat Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year

Per Diem. Far J65 Days.

i -1 15,229 Out Pensioners, flinding at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each -103 Letter Men, at 12 d.per Diem each 31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each ----- £. s. d. 3i7 5 5 5 3 ~~ . 1 3 3 £. s. . 115,803 17 1 i,879 '5 424 6 3

15.363 — ~m. C., 323 11 8 118,107 18 4

From which dedua

The Sum of Nine thousand Poinds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying the Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1765 Remains to be granted upon -Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1765 - - - - 9,000

109,107 18 4

War Office, ib\.h "January 1765. f*

fV. Ellis. i

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of ,pursuant to Treaties, for the

Year 1765.

Advanced Subsidy, at the Rate of 164*800 Crowns a Year, stipulated on Accdunt of 1,205 Cavalry, and 2,208 Infantry* with- General and Staff Officers* &c. for 86 Days, from 25th Decerhbtr 1764* to aoth March 1765, both indufive,- pursuant to Treaties. - - j-

Advancqd Sqbfidy, on Account of an Augmentation to the above, confining of 439 Cavalry, and 122 Infantry, in proportion to the abovemftntioned Rate, for the same Time....

Total -

£ d.

9>354 8

rr

9S9 8 9 TV

IO>343 16 9 A

War Office, 16th January 1765.

r. ms.

5 Geo. III.

16° Jetnuarii.

«3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Establishment of Five Regiments of Foot serving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from the 25th December x 764, to the 24th December 1765, both tncliifive.

For the Pay of Colohel Toovey's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment, from the 25 th December ^64, tp

the 24th December 1765, both inclusive -Paid by Ireland (or this Re^imcrft for the same Time - -

Difference

Major General ParJIoiu'sReginjont, the same -Sir David Cunningham's,the tame -

For the Pay of Colonel Lam ban's Regiment, actording to the British Establishment, for the same Time -Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the same Time

Difference - s

For the Pay of Major General s Regiment, according to the British fistablishment, for the same Time- -Pay by Ireland for this Regiment* for the same Time -

Difference -

Total ' -

Numbers. Pay for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

> 1 8,629 ‘ 4 2 7,796 1 6

329 32?

33i > _ . 8,665 14 2 7>? 32 1 :5

5 66 m. 16,769 14 7,796 2 6

1,818 '

DflfeWnce,

.i if in

£. s. d.

r

*33 *' J

833 »'

833 1

*>33 *

2,913 it 8

£ 6,346 3 5

War Office:, 16 January 1765.

JV. M

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be pended by the Members of the House.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Oidipary Eftiipate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1765. ______

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth i viz. ,x

V01.30.

H

16° Janu

A. 1765

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy* for the Year 1765.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto ——

£. s. d.

2. Superannuated Sea Officers ----- 21,817 12 10

3. Tcnfioas and other Allowances ----- 7,364 9 2

4-'

5‘

6.

8.

9-

1 Yards.

Chatham Deptford Woolwich Portsmouth -Skeerness Plymouth

3>29S 3»*44 2,520 8

4.054 *4 1,813 4 3.245 9

4

8

6

6

6

10. Muster Mailers and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging - -

14. Ordinary Pepairs of 1/is Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks* Wharfs,

Buildings, i3c. ——

1 j. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers -

'< Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy For the Year 1765 - -

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1765, Ten thousand Pounds -

For purchasing of Land near Stangate Creek, and for the First Year’s Expence in building a Lazarette on Chidney Hill ——

L

£ t. d.

-J3*943 4

119,182 4 6

18,071 10 o

3,295 6 it 48,688 9 1

21,823 19 48,069 o o

109,661 o o 95,000 o o

4«>7.734 1* 3

10.000 o o

12.000 O J>

429.734 3

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1765, amounts to Four hundred Twenty-nine: thousand Seven hundred Thirty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence.

G. Cockbume, it ho. Slade, Hr. , Mason.

T. Brett, R. OJboru, IV, , R. Temple.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Ordnance Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. for the Year 1765, Land Service. ffltmet*

And the Tide of the said Estimate was read,

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their The laid Estimate is as&llowetfc;

Address to His Majesty,

5 G£0. III.

16° JanuariL

25

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1765*

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE:

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

'Gibraltar and North Britain -Minorca -

St. John’s, F Trinity Harbour, and Fiacentia in Newfoundland Annapolis Royal -

East Florida, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 18 yd'/ir//1764

West Florida, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 9 *.1764 Granada, Dominica, 'Fobago, St. , and

other Ceded lllands, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 9 1764

Quebec, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 13 April 1764 -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1791 Men, Officers included, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 13 July

*76+ ~ - - . " . ....

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery in North America, Newfoundland,

and the West India islands, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant

10 July 1764

Pay of an Inspector and Commander of the Artillery in Gibraltar, and Minorca, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 27 February 1764 ——

An Allowance to a Lieutenant Colonel of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services, until such Time as he shall be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel in the Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 8 February 1764

Pay of Master Gunners, and Gunners, which have been hitherto provided for upon the Establishment of Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, and are now put ».n the Establishment of the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to H‘13 Majesty’s Warrant 31 December

»764 ....

Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich - -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have terved well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, and Pensions to W idows -

EXTRA ORDINARIES:

f Gib -

, r- \Minorca -

was MtT,neon

tincations, building ana re-/ 1 J

c ’ r ° r \ Placentia -

m.nngSlOKhouses.andfop-U, Ferryland, Cartmere,

plying Stores at a/d [Lbour in Ntw.

V fcundland

Towards erecting the New Fort at Arderfeer Point, near Inverness -Towards carrying oa the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in

Scotland....

Towards building and repairingt Sheerness and Gillingham Fortifications at \ Portsmouth and Gosport

Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -Towards erecting a new Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, at PttrjJast in KJfex *

Towards completing a Storehouse for containing a large Train of Artillery, with the necessary Stores thereunto belonging, on the Gun Wharf at Portsmouth - *

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at New York + +

V ol. 30*

s. d.

36»356 12 6

1,047 5 —

*>297 2 6

1,099 11 3

6 u 7 6

657 — —

967 5 —

1,076 lS —

843 10 —

8,093 6

58.34* 4 2

456 5 —

365 — —

9* 5 - -

t. d.

127,131 10 10

Pay

1

j

5

26 16° Januariu

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Conductors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces at several Places in North America -Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre --

Expence of Services performed, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1764.

Pay of Officers and Artificers established at Fort £. d. St. Augustine in East Florida, from 1 June to 31 December 1 764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 18 April 1764 - - - - ( 385 4 —

Also Brass Howitzers, Mortars, Carriages, and Stores, sent to the said Place ..... 1,680 11 9

Pay of Officers and Artificers established for IVeji from

9 May to 31 December 1764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 9 May 1764 ..... - 628 1 —

Allb Brass Ordnance, Carriages, Small Arms, in* trenching Tools, and other Stores sent for Service of the said Place ..... 6,865 14 2

Pay of Officers and Artificers established for,

Tobago, St. Vincent, and other Ceded Islands, from 1 June to 31 December 1764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 9 May 1764 - - - - 631 6 —

Also Brass Mortars, Carriages, Shot, intrenching Tools, and other Stores, delivered for Service of Granada and the other Islands dependent thereon, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 18

April 1764- ..... 5,843 1 2 11

Brass Ordnance, Howitzers, Travelling Carriages, Cartouch Boxes, and other Stores lent to New York, for completing the Field and Battering Trains of Artillery and Small Arms in North;

also Bedding, Passage, and Provisions of Artillery People, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 21 June 1764 -Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horle Guards, the Second and Third Regiments of Foot Guards, the First and Fortieth Regiments of Foot, also to several other Regiments, in lieu of the like Number worn out, and rendered unserviceable, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 23 December 1763, 21 February, 27 March, 16 April, 9 May, 4 June, 27 July, and 24 August 1764 -

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Northampton and Devon, also Drums and Colours to the Hampshire, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants and Orders, 14 March, 16 April, and 1 September 1764 -Ammunition delivered for the Annual Exercise of 24 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18th May 1763 -An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to Two Regiments of Light Dragoons, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 27 June

t764 - -....

Arms, Ammunition, and Tents, delivered for the Use of the German Protestants going to settle in South Carolina, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order in Council 14th September 1764 -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West Indies, from 25 May to 31 December 1764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 10 July 1764 -

Pay of an Inspector and Commander of the Artillery' in Gibraltar and Minorca, from 13 February to 31 December 1764, pursuant

to His Majesty’s Warrant 27 February 1764 -An Allowance to a Lieut. Colonel of Artillery in Consideration of his Services, until such Time as he shall be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel in the Regiment of Artillery, from 2 January 1762 to 31 December 1764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 8 February 1764 - -

An Addition made to the Pay of the Company of Gentlemen Cadets, in the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 1 July to 31 December 1764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 13 July

1764 - -

Half-pay to Officers reduced, and Pensions to the Widows of Officers of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 1 October 1763 to 31 December 1764, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 February 1764

Pay of Officers attending the Four Companies of Artillery in -East India, from 1 January to 31 December 1764 «.

18

c s.

5.931 5

9,000 —

2,065 15 9

7*493 15

6,474 18 11

4,984 8 4

6,656 18 2

8,5 — —

1,17* >9 7

48 3 6

563 1 —

276 5 —

323 — —

173 15 —

Sl5 4 —

».i34 18 6

1,049 18 —

J. 1765.

£ ' d.

47*54^ 5 —

5 Geo. III. id’Januarii.

To Samuel Warren for his extraordinary Losses, Damages, and pences, occasioned by Tempcfts during the Time of his repairing the Cobb at Lyme Regis, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 7 May 1764 -

Pay of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax and Nova Scotia, from i "January to 31 December 1764 -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by, and Sums advanced to, the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, for Contingencies -

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn on Account of repairing the Fortifications and Barracks at in West Florida

To Money expended in fortifying Milford Haven, to 31 December 1763 ... £. 24,212 9 8

To ditto between 1 January and

31 March 1764 - - £.2,395 3

To ditto between X April and I

31 December 1764, when the S 4,989 1 9

Works were inclosed and 1

flopped - - - 2,593 18 9J

For which Service there hath been granted by Parliament; viz.

1758, May4 - - £.10,000

1759, April 10 - 10,000

29,201 II 5y

| 20,000 — — J

27

£ s. d.

>33 4 11

375 3 —

9*797 6

4.165 7 10

9,201 II 5

----- 55»5r9 10 7

£. 230,193 6 5

Townfkend» Charles Frederick, E. Winnington,

W. R. Earle,

Charles Cocks.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which to be perused by the Members of the House. they had directed him to report, when the House will

please to receive the same.

Newton Reftlved, That Colonel Howe, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sandys, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Colonel Brudenell, be added to the Committee, to whom Morning, the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Bailiffs, Bur-

gelfes, and principal Inhabitants of the Town or Bo- Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to make a

rough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

Devon, and likewise of the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, And he moved the House accordingly.

and Freeholders residing near, or travelling on the High- Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That a Committee be PootLawa^ ways or Roads therein after mentioned, in the said appointed to revile and consider the Laws relating to County of Devon, and others whose Names are thereunto the Poor of that Part of Great Britain called England i subsenbed, is referred. And that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the

House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment of Aid refs for Refohed, That an humble Addrofs be presented to the said Laws-, and as to the making of any new Provi-Efnmate; His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give lions or Regulations for the better Relief, Employment,

Shi's.8 Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this and Settlement of the Poor t

House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Sir Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Edward Turner, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Harbord.

Ships, for the Year 1765. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. IiuJJey, Mr. Chancellor of

Ordered, That the fud Address be pTefented to His the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Nugent, Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Lord Garlies, Mr. Rigby, Lord Catherlongk, Mr. Town- Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council. fliend. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sir George Savile,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir William Meredith, l^ord Estimate; Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Ma- mund, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Navy Debt, jessy’s Navy, as it Rood on the 3ill December 1764, be Turner, Mr. Mr. Burrell, Sir Alexander

laid before this House. Grant, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Mr. Sir George Yonge, Mr.

The Order of the Day being read; worth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Richard

Importation The House reio'.ved itself into a Committee of the wick Bampfylde, Mr. Upton, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Van-of Salted whole House, to consider further of the Bill for litipor- Jittart, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Provisions. ta(,on 0t halted Beet, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Fuller, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Colleton, Sir Anthony Abiy, Ireland, for a Time to be limited, upon the Recommit- Sir Armine Mr. Byde, Mr. Solicitor General,

meat thereof. Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lord Barring-

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair, ton, Mr. Grey, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee. Peter Burrell, Mr. Vernon, Sir George Armitage, Mr.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair. Hohblon, Sir William Maynard, Lord Howe, Mr. Butler,

Mr.Nugent reported from the Committee, That they Mr. Walter, Mr. , Sir Edward Mr. Gor-

Vol. 30. Mr.

16° — 17® Januarii.

J. 1765.

Mr. Fitzberlert, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Harris, Sir John Glynne, Mr.- Shiffner: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Peffons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 17® die 'Januarii;

Anno 5° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Pravirs.

rrAcob Nadal and John James Lang, took the Oaths J appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Great A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Bur-Torrington geffes, of Great Torrington, in the County of t)evon, and Roads. of j.()e Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the fame, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Great To through the Parishes

O' D

of Great Torrington and to Hujk Hilt, in

Fritheljlock, and from the said Town through the Parishes of Great Torrington, and Fritheljlock, to Tallamy s in

Fritheljlock aforesaid; and from the said Town, through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Fritheljlock, and Monk leigh, to Monkleigh Town; and from Great Torrington,

through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Saint Giles, and Beajord, to Beajord Town j and from Great Torrington, through the Parishes of Great Saint Giles, and

Roborrough, to Roborrough Town-, and from Great Ter-rington over Cranjord Moor, through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Saint Giles, Yarnfcombe, and ton, to the River Taw, in Atherington, at Umbertey Ford, and at Umberley Bridge; and from Gammerton Moor, in the Parish of Biddejord, through the Parishes of Bidde-Jord, HunJhaW, Yarnfcombe, Saint Giles, High Bickington, and Barrington, to Wick Cross, in Barrington, in the said County; are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired, widened, and rendered commodious, by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walter, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mr. Van-

fittart, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Gray, Mr. Colleton, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Jack-Jon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edward tun, Mr. Butler, Mr. Byde, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr. Co-

ventry, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Lowndes, \|r. Grey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Bullet-, and a!! the Members who serve for the Counties of De'jon, C'/rnwall, Somerset, Wilts, Dorset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wtrminster Sir Edward Boynton reported from the Committee, to Roadi. whom the Petition of the Trustees and others, whole Names are thereunto fub'eribed, appointed to put in execution an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of his

late Majesty, for en’arging the Terrh and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of , was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to repoit the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read.

Mr. John Majkelyne said, That the Tolls collected upon the said several Roads, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, have been duly applied , and that there is now due on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds; and that it will not be practicable effectually to repair the said Roads, and to continue the Repairs thereof, and to pay olf the Money now due, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual.

And the Witness said, That there are several other Roads described in the said Petition, which branch out #or adjoin to the Roads aforesaidj which are in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommo* dious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in force.

That the Trustees are at present restrained from taking more than half of the full Tolls, payable by the said Acts on the Roads leading from a Place called Back lane, in the Town of Warminster, to the House late John Ford's, at Crockerton, and from the Pound in PcunJ Street to Two Furlongs beyond the Common Gate; and that as the Repairs of these Roads are proposed to be extended, it will be necessary, in order effectually to repair the lame, to take the full Tolls at the Gates upon those Roads; and also to borrow a further Sum of Money, effectually to complete the Repairs of the several Roads aforesaid.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Ad% of the 13th of George the Fiift, and of the 1.6th of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several other Roads near or adjo-ning the reto: And that Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir John Glynne, and Mr. Thyme, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Lifter, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Bawtry, in the West Riding of the County of York which Manor of Bawtry extends over all the Freehold Estates in Ai fterfield, in the said Riding, and the most considerable Proprietor of Common Right Tenements in Aufterfield aforesaid; and of ti e Reverend Robert Pritchard, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of B/yth, in the County of Nottingham, including therein the Village and Chapelry of Aufterfield aforesaid; and also of John Harvey and Jonathan Acklom, L (quires, and others, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being a Majority in Number and Value of the Proprietors of Common Right Tenements in Aujlerfieldaforesaid; on the behalf of themselves, and of the Reli.luc of the Owners of Tenements having Right of Common upon the Commons or Wastes of Aujlerfield aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Wastes or-Commons of Aujlerfield aforesaid, culled the High and Low Commons, have, for many Years puft, been greatly surcharg- d and oppressed; and alledging, that the inclosing the same will greatly conduce to the Benefit of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a B.ll for dividing and iiiciofing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, according to each Person’s Ri ght therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lajcelles,

AufterfitM

Inelolurc.

5 Geo. III. 170 Januarii. 29

Lascelles, General Lambton, and Mr. Hewitt, do prepare, that the Relief which the Importation during the last and bring in, the tame. Year gave to this Nation, came very fealonable, as, in

all Probability, the Price of Provisions would otherwise Hati’brongh A Petition of Waller Strickland, Esquire, Lord of the have been excessive grievous, the fame, notwithstanding m.io ure. Manor of Flambrough, in the County of York, and Owner such Importation, having borne, and still bearing, a great of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Price: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may ments, within the said Manor or Lordship, Robert IVII- pass into a Law.

ford, Esquire, an Infant, by the Reverend James Young, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Clerk, and John Nicho/fon, Gentleman, his Guardians,

Owner of the Impropriate Rectory of Flambrough afore* Rejohed, That an humble Address be presented to laid, and of all Tithes great and small, Oblations, Ob- His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to give vent ions. Mortuaries, and other Ecclesiastical Dues Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this House, arising within the Parish and Lordship of Flambrough the Plans and Estimates of a Lazaret, proposed to be aforesaid (except Surplice, Fees) and also Owner of di- built on Chidney Hill near Stangate Creek. vers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His laid lordship, belonging to the said Rectory, as the Glebe Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His thereof, BeilbyThompfon, Esquire, Barnabas Legard, Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Esquire, John Ogle, Gentleman, John H'almjley, and

others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, allb Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Mef- the more effectual preventing the Healing of Fish and fuages, l^ands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, within Rabbits: And that Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Thomas the said Lordship of Flambrough, was presented to the Townshend, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Jackson, do prepare,

House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within and bring in, the fame, the said Lordship and Parish, several large Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commops, The House being informed, that Mr. Box, from the Westmisller and Waste Grounds, reputed to contain 3,oco Acres, or Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Paving. thereabouts; and alledging, that it would be for the mu- Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty tual Benefit of all Persons interested therein, if the same of Westminster, See. attended at the Door; he was were inclosed and divided in proj>ortion to their respect called in , and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-tive Rights: And therefore praying. That Leave may suant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, A Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House executing Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the shall fern meet. Second, Third, and Fourth Years of His present Ma-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, jesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of West- Mr. Lascelles, General Lambton, and Mr. Hewitt, do &c. and of all Contrails and Agreements made

prepare, and bring in, the lame. by the said Commissioners, from the Sth Day of De»

ember 1763, to the 9th Day of January 1765, both B'ne\fc«ath, Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom inclusive; And also,

Small Debts. t*ie Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Copies of the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Com* thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Traders of missioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and and Liberty of Westminster, of the Receivers to the said Beckenham, of Roukejley, otherwise Ruxlcy, and of Little Commissioners, and of the Bank of England, with the and Lejfncfs, in the County of Kent, was referred, That the said Commissioners, to the 29th of December 1764,

Committee had examined the Matterof the said Petition} inclusive.

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared And then he withdrew.

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his And the Titles of the Books containing the said Copies

Place , and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: were read.

Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz. Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. to be perused by the Members of the House.

Charles Joknfon and Mr. William Chubb, being severally The said Books are preserved amongst the other

examined, said. That they are well acquainted with the Papers of this Session.

said Hundreds , that Artificers and Labourers, inhabiting the re, frequently contract small Debts and refuse to Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Bringing pay the same, although they are well able, preluming on Petition of the several Merchants, whose Names are the Difficulties their Creditors lie under from the Ex- thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and several Colonies, pence they arc put to in suing for such Debts; and that other Merchants concerned in the Trade to Guadaloupe, this has frequently happened to the Witnesses themselves. Martinico, and the was referred, That the

A Member present confirmed this Evidence in gene- Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained ral; and added, That he had advised a Person to give in the said Petition , and had directed him to report a up a Debt of toj. rather than sue for the same. State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within Table; Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, viz.

of Rookeftey, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lejfness, A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said

in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Petition is as follows-,

fVkitworth, Sir Brook Bridges, and Mr. Peter Burrell, do An Act: of Parliament, of the Third Year of His preprepare, and bring in, the feme. Cent Majesty's Reign, was read, whereby it is en&fted.

That it should and might be lawful for any of His Ma-Importation A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and jetty’s Subjects to import into this Kingdom, at any Time ?! vi&ons. Commonalty. of rite Society of Merchants Venturers before the First Day of November 1764, and no longer, in rovl. within the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, Brisifli Ships, navigated according to Law, directly from and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by Guadeloupe, Marie Galanf, Martinico Goree,

the Votes of the House, that a Bill is ordered to be and , any Goods or Effects, being the Growth or brought in, to permit the Importation of felted Beef, Produce thereof respectively, upon Payment of such and Pork, and Butter, for a limited Time; and alledging, the like Customs and Duties only, as would be due and V ol. 30. I x payable

Chidoejr

Lazaret.

Fish and Rabbit dealing.

3o

170 Januarii.

A. 1765*

Bringing payable for the fame, if such Places had remained, and were in Possession of His Majesty.

Colonies. appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of

Henry Guinand, John H Peter Fear on, William

Crichton, and Charles Ogil Esquires, that several Ships

had been freighted to , Guadeloupe, and the

Havannah, to bring home the Effects of the Briti/k Subjects, arising from Debts contrafted in those Islands.

And by Two Lists of Ships produced to your Committee, it appeared that 34 Passes had been taken from His Majesty’s Secretary of State, for Ships to go

to the Islands ceded to by the Treaty concluded

at Paris the 10th Day of February 1763; and Six Pafles for Ships to go to the Havannah.

Then Captain Andrew Cornish laid, That he tailed from Guadeloupe the 26th of October last; and that he could not get his leading before that Time, the French Subjects not being able to pay their Debts sooner; that the Time limited by the Treaty for the Departure of the British Ships, was the 10th of September -, but by the Permission of the several Governors they were allowed a further Time.

Captain Robert Morrison informed your Committee, That he failed from Guadeloupe the 10th of last, being unable to get in his Loading before; and that he had Leave of the Governor to stay till that Time; and that he left several British Ships there at the Time of his Departure.

James Gordon, Master of the Carolina Merchant, laid, That he failed from the Havannah the 1 ith of September, made Land in England the ad of November, and arrived in the River the 10th of the same Month: And that his Ship was the first that arrived from the Havannah.

That the reason of his late Arrival was the contrary Winds, from N.E. to S.E. by which Means the Passage took up Three Months, which he expected to have performed in Five Weeks: And,

Captain John Cowling, Commander of the Ship George, from Guadeloupe, laid. That he left Guadeloupe the 15th of September, and was Three Months in his Padage to England, occasioned by the Easterly Winds.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced a Letter from William Woodbridge, to Messieurs John and Co. dated Guadeloupe, 27 1764, wherein the

following Extract was read; " The very heavy and continual Rains, ever since the Month of May last, have " retarded every’ one, and have been of great Prejudice " to the English in particular, so much, that I am " confident, not One Half of the British Effects will be " gathered in by the 13th of October, the Time limited " for our Evacuation."

Ext raft of a Letter from Mr. Woodbridge to the same Persons, dated 7 November 1764, was also read, as follows: " You will perhaps be surprized to find by this ltLetter, that 1 am (till here, but I have not yet been " able to finish alt the public Business; however, as I " am engaged, I am determined to go through with it;

" but this will not now detain me long, for l am to have " Audience Tomorrow of the General and Intendant,

" to settle finally every thing relating to the English " Affairs, and to secure the large Sum yet remaining " due to the British Subjects r A Sum that exceeds " £. 200,000 Currency."

Extract of a Letter from Robert Malcolm to Messieurs ' Fordice, Grant, and Co. dated BaJJeterre, Guadeloupe,

24 October 1764, was also read, as follows: " All or " most of the English here, were convened this Morning before the General and Intendant, as the Time is " now past that was limited for our and out Ships Departure; after much Conversation, it was concluded,

" by a Desire of these Rulers, that those who desired to " stay any longer should give in their Names and Reasons for it. The Intendant^ who is the Man of " Business, and Manager of Civil Affairs, recommended very gently, that such as had but little to do, and 20

" could have it done ay their Friends, would go; but " nothing like any Order to go was hinted: He gave " strong Assurances, that the Planters should not be " allowed to dispose of their Produce for any other Purpose than the Payment of their English Debts; that " they would put in Prison any one that attempted it.

" In short, it is performed as promised, in the most " solemn Manner. We have all the Justice we could " demand; he declared he would allow no more Ships " Frenchified; so after the Ships that now are here with " Permissions are gone, Effects must go for France in " real French Vessels, unless particular Permissions are " got from the Courts of F. and E. not referring to the Treaty; any, in consequence of the Treaty, will be objected to as past the Time."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Time granted, by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if the same Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession: And that Mr. Cujl, Mr. Bolton, Mr.

Prescott, Mr. Jenkmjbn, Mr. Glover, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account; before this House, an Account of the Quantity of the ^or" different Species of Corn exported from England, with "p0 the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Nugent, according to Order, reported from the Importation Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^te<1 Importation of felted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, r0VI ons" from Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was recommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in lus Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a l’econd Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given Isle of Mu. to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harris of Church,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Whately, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Lord Sti'ange, Lord MU L,ord Poor L*wj.

Orwell,- Mr. Torke, Mr. Oswald, Sir Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Jensns, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee appointed to revile and consider the Layvs relating to the Poor of that Part of Great Britain called England-, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defects, the Repeal, or Amendment of the said Laws; and as to the making of any new Provisions or Regulations for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Linr

5 Geo. III.

2i° yanu

3*

Anfurr

to

Adrlrels for Estimatea,

Luna, 2i° die Januarii;

Anno £ Georgii IIIdi Regis, l 765. Prayers.

IORD Charles Spencer reported to the House, That j their Address of Wednesday last, that His Majesty would be graciou/Iy pleased to give Diretfions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be hid before this House; &nd also their Address of Thursdny last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Plans and Estimates therein mentioned might be laid before this House; had been presented to His Majesty: And that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Forrester, General Stanzvix, Sir Armine fVodehouse, Lord Midieton, Mr. Cuji, Afr. Ong/ey, Mr. £&//, Lord George Sackvil/e, Sir Charles Afordaunt. Sir William Beauchamp, Pro ft or. Lord Harry Powlet, Afr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Fonncreau, Mr. Bidler, Mr/ Gray, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Black-flohe, Mr. Edmonflone: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber/

Wellmgbo*

rmivh

lucJufure.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

having Right of Common, or other Infereft, in the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manors of Wellingborough , and of Wellingborough formerly belonging to the College of , in the

Parish of Wellinborough, in the County of Northampton,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*. That the said Fields, Meadows, Pa (lures, and Grounds, are computed to con lift of Eighty Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and to contain in the whole Four thoulanfl Acres, or thereabouts and aiiedging, that if the fame

ita

Urn

A Petition of Evelyn Duke of Kingston, and humble L^wdham Petition Peter Broughton, Ralph Edge, William Salt- Inclosure. marsh, William Cope Sherbrooke, Esquires, Joseph Bruen,

Clerk, Jonathan Trueman, John Padley, and others, whole Names are thcrcuntb subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Lowdham, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dilpcrfed, and, in their prelerit Situation, are incapable of Improvement j and alledging, that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Land?, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, arid other Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-were divided and inclosed, theyovould be very useful suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and convenient to the Parties concerned: And therefore Willoughby and Mr. Hezvett do prepare, and bring in, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, the lame, for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common- Failures, Common Grounds, A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Poole, &c. and Waste Grounds, according to each Person’s Right whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and R-oad' in the fame. usually travelling, the High Road from between the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir leading from the Town and County of to Charles Mordamt, Mr. Lowndes, Sir JarritSmith, and Mi after, in the County of Dorset, through the several

Mr. Methuen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, and Places, of Great Can-

ford, Corse Mullen, Combe , Sturminfer Marftal,

Lenchwick A Petition of Henry Seymour and Vincent John Bifcoe Spetsbury, Charlton Marftal, Lang ton. Long Dland forfl,

Wld Esquires, Joint Lords of the Manors of Lenclnvickand Saint Mary, and in the said County '

Incioiure Norton, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the of to the Turnpike Road there, leading from

House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within Bland ford Forum, in the same County, to DorcInfer, in the Manos and Parillies ot Lenclnvick and Norton,. fe- the said County; and from thence, through the several veral Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Waste Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, and Places, of BHanfon Grounds, whereof the Petitioners are jointly l'eifed; and aforesaid, Dur vc eft on. otherwise Ockford Shil-

also of several Me Ullages, Lands, Hereditaments, and ling. Beer Mar ft. Child Ockford, Fiddle ford, in the Parish Estates, lying within the said Manors and Parishes; by of Ockford and Sturminfer Newton

reason whereof their E Hates are incapable of being im-; and also the said Patifn of Sturminfer

proved, so much as they might be, if they were divided Cafle, to the Bridge Foot there; and from thence to the and inclosed, and allotted to the Owners thereof in Se- Red Lion and Greyhound Inn, in Newton, in the said Pa-‘ veralty, according to their respective intereHs therein: rish of Sturminfer Newton, Cafle, by or through'

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Lane, otherwise Stalbridge Lane, to and through Bagbe^r, bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such in the Parish of Sturminfer Newton Cafle aforesaid, and Regulations as the House shall think proper. the Parish and Town of in the said County

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- of; and from thence to and through Henfriclge,

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. in the County of , to the Turnpike Road there.

Ward and Mr. Willoughby do prepare, and bring in, leading from in the County of aforesaid,

the lame. to Milborne Port, in the said County of Somerset \ and

from thence to and through aforesaid, Yeanfen,

A Bill for naturalizing Luder Lang was read a Second ‘ Temple Combe, South Cita tion,

Time. commonly called and North in the said

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mawbey, County of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road there, lead- Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hevoett, Mr. ing from Wincanton, in the said. County, to Char let on Onfozt’,. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Parker, Horethorne, in the same County; and from thence through Mr. Rufiout, Sir William Maynard, Sir Edward Turner, North Cheriton aforesaid, and , in the said County Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Wef, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. of Somerset, to the Turnpike Road there, leading from DeGrey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Wincanton aforesaid, to Bridge, fin the said

Drax, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Glover, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gilbert, County of Somerset; and from thence to anl through Mr. Bolton, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Alderman Beckford, and Braddon, otherwise Bratton, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Upton, Mr. Dyson, to a Place called The Gibbet, or Braddon, otherwise Brat- Mr. Jackson, Lord Orwell, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. R/Ve, Mr. ton Corner, in the said County of Somerset, adjoining to Vol. 30. *..... the

Lang’s Nat.

StrackHo-ven\ Nat.

Chappell o the Heath Road.

32 a 18 Januarii.A. 1765.

the Turnpike Road leading from aforesaid,

to Cattle Hill Turnpike Gate; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said several Hoads are very founderous, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said several Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sturt, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

Mr. Ward, Mr. Woodley, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir George Sa Sir Charles Mr. Hewett, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Clift, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Barr I, Lord Warkworth, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bushout, Sir John Glyttne, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Plu-mer. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Staunton, Lord Harry Powlet', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Wilts, Cornwall, Somerset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per* Tons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Shiffner presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Christian James Strack-koven: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees, and others, for repairing the Roads from Chappell on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourlon on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Two Acts of the 4th and 17th Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the said Roads; and Setting forth. That several Sums of Money have been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts; and the same have been applied, together with the Tolls collected, according to the Directions of the said A<5bs; and that the Sum of ,£.1,200 now remains due; and l'ome Progrel's hath been made in repairing the said Roads; but they cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money due repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Two Acts be further continued and enlarged, and made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rushout, Lord Charles Spencer, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Parker, Mr. Forrester, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Wynne, Mr.

fluted, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Irwin, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Bowerie, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Bull, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Knight, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir George Savile, Mr. Coventry, Lord Catkerlough, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Calvert, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. EJ-monftone, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Upton', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, G/outefler, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Christopher Henry Batimer was presented Plauel’s Nat. to the House, and read; praying, That his Name may be inserted in the Bill now depending for naturalizing John William Plauel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Newton mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Magi- Abbot ftr^tes, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of Koaca. the Town or Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; and likewise of the principal Gentlemen, Clergy', and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads therein after mentioned, in the said Coun y of Devon, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Podinrew mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Ioc,«we-and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Podington, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley,

Lord Orwell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Wil/oughhy, Lord Harry Powlet, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Earle, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Robin -son, Mr. Pratt, Lord Strange, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Ryder, Lord Howe, Sir George Pococke,

Mr. Coventry, Sir George Armytage, Mr. Cafwell, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Rice, Mr. Gwymie, Mr. Keck, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Fairfax; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Poor distressed Prisoners for Debt Dltreflid in the King’s Bench, on behalf of themselves, and also Debtor*, of a great Number of other poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in Newgate, and other Prisons within the Bills of Mortality; together with many Thousand other poor Prisoners for Debt in the several Gaols within this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate distressed Debtors in Ditto, the Gaol of the County of Warwick, in behalf of themselves, and the other poor distressed Debtors in the several Gaols within the said County: And also,

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt Ditto, in His Majesty’s Gaol at Chelmsford, Essex, and other Prisoners within the Gaols in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt Ditto, in the Castle of York, for and in behalf of themselves and others, in the several Prisons within the said County:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered td lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Dunham and other principal Inhabitants of the County of -tingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Highway or Road, and Places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Dunham Ferry, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes or Lord Chips of Dunham, ton, and Great Markham, to the South Lad of Great Markham Common, called the West Moor, where the fame

Geo. III. 21 Januarit. 33

fame joins the great North Road leading from London to York, a little on the South Side of the House,

between Tnxford, in the said County of

and Raw try, in the County of York, is very ruinous, in many Farts thereof very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Ordinary Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Highway or Road, by such Ways and Means, Tnd in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee.: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hobfe:

And it is referred to Mr. Willoughby, Mr Mf.

Hewett, Mr. Burrell, Lord t Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Ward, Sir Roger NewdigateSir Tynte, Lord Stratlge', Lord Harry Mr. Hujjey, Mr.

Ounry, Mr, Fennereau, Mr. , Sir Armine Wode-

house, Mr, Cooke, Mr. Glover, Mr. Mr. Bootle,

Sir. George Savile, Sir John Sir

Sit Anthony Abdy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, -M r. Kynaftoti, Sir Simeon' Stuart, Mr. Gore, Mr. For-

reder, Mr. Pye, Mr. Oiiflow, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Parker, Mr.; and all the Mem-

bers who. lerve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, York, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , presented to the House, pursuance to their Addresses to His Majesty,

- An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and completing those set up in the late War, in private Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; for the Year, 1765: And also.

Several Plans of a Lazaret proposed to be built on Chidney Hill, near Statidgate Creek: And also,

(A.) 7 Jan. 1765. Mr. Stuart's Report of the Places in Standgate Creek most convenient’ for ere (Ring a Lazaret, tdc.: And also,

(B.) Mr. Stuart's Estimate for building a Lazaret, Jan. 1765: And also,

(C.) Mr. Stuart's Paper df Reference to the Plan of Chidney Hill, and the several Buildings appertaining to a Lazaret in the Plan N° 2, Jan. 1765.

And several Members, returned upon > new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and fdbscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of their Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were redd. The First of the said Estimates is as followeth; and the rest of the said Pdpers arc preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

VoL.

K

Estimatefj See, from the Admiralty.

Member! take OattoJ

Navy Office, 18 th January 1765.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and completing those let up in the late War in private Yards* and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1765 j prepared in pursuance of an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 17 th Instant.

-_______

Place where. Guns. Ship* Names. Nature of their i Time when to be Charge of their

r a i Hulls. Marts, and Yards. 1 TOTAL.

Repair. Taken in Hand. Completed. Rigging and Stores.

Deptford Monarch - - - 4 / £. 1- 1

74 Mry next - - m m 8,46a 6,n6 4,57 8

Magnificent - - - > Building - - - - In Hand - - March 1766 - m m 15»300 3,260 18,560

mmm* Marlborough - 3 New Ship to be set 1 December 1766- m 1 . 9,900 9,900

up on the - f narch's Slip, when f Ihe is launched »,) Uncertain - - - . 1,866 ... 1,866

35>5*8 9*376

44.904

#rockvich - - - - 90 August rj6j - 6,000 ... 6,oao

74 Canada > Building- - - - In Hand - August next 11,000 5,^33 *6,633

64 Prudent - - - -,) 1767 - - 4,000 4,000

— Captain - - Large ..... In Hand ... December next - 9»774 5>633 i5>4=>5

60 Compuefiadore - - - Large ..... September 1766 1,500 1,500

32,272 11,266 43,538

Chatham too Vtclory - - - - 1 April next - - . 3-998 6,10-1 10 099

90 London - - - f Barfleur - - - f Building ..... in Hand - - - March 1766 -April 1767 - 9,800 10,000 5,000 14.800 10.800

- 64 Raiisonable - - - 3 In Hand - December 1767- m 3,000 ... 3,000

70 Buckingham - - Large Seplember next - m 6,500 4-305 10,805

Orford - - - Middling ... December 1766- % 5»5°° 5,5°°

38>798 15,406 54,204

Portsmouth - 74 5° 4j* - - 1 Warwick- - - -,) Building ..... In Hand - - December 1766-December next - 2,000 *3>0i7 3,000 3,000 16/127

90 Namur - Small ..... 7 111 Hand - - - August next - - 4,253 4.322 8>/7 5

80 Princess Amelia - - - Middling - j March next 7,000 6,685 2,829 9,829

74 Infanta - Small ..... December next 3.465 10,150

Lenox Middling ... December next 15,000 4491 19,49*

< 48,965 8,307 67,272

Os

<*r\

Plymouth

D

(Q!

i — h

N'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

FT

CO

o

70

64

100

80

74

Trident -Royal George -Cambridge - -

Dublin -

%"; - - . New Ship to be set 1

up on the new Slip.)

Building Small

In Hand - j in Hand - -

MERCHANTS YARDS.

River Thamez - 74 Invincible - - "t -

Leap - 64 Suffolk - - ( Europe - - - I Building -

Midford - 74 Prince of Wales J

In Hand

December nest February 1767 March next -June next July next December next

Uncertain -

Total King’s Yards

February next -

March next - -

Jamaica

Rortmahon

- Towards repairing Careening Wharfs, Storehouses, i£c.

- Towards making Careening Wharfs for cleaning and refitting Ships of War

Grand Total - £.

Tor Ships in His Majesty’s Yards

Hulls

Rigging and Stores For completing Ships in private Yards set up 7 I Hulls -in the late War - - . - - J £ Rigging and Stores

ABSTRACT:

190,413

For other extra Works

Total.

1,941 i

m>7n

- - 9,000-

Total - . 306,717

Tit. The Sum of Three hundred and Six thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen Pounds.

13,000 2.000 '3-75° 5, too 5.000 5»5°° 500 6,631 3,420 4,230 5,890 7.4i5 19,631 2,000 7»17° 9-33o io,8yo 12,915 500

34.850 27,586 62,436

190,413 81,941 272»354

3,27° 3-322 3-735 7.621 7,4 r5 3,27°- 3,322 3 735 15,°36

17,948 7.4'5 2-5,363

_ — 6.000 3.000

9,000

208,361 89.3a6 306,717

G. Cockburne, Tho, Slade, W, Battly. & Majon. Brett. Temple.

Cr»

O

w

O

I.

cn

36 ai° Januariu A. 1765.

Ordered, That the said E(Itmates, Plans, and Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire Laws. what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Ooinion to the House, which of them are fit to

A.

be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Fuller, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Strange, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Holt, Mr. Elliot, Sir Charles Sir

Walter Blacket, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Martin, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Tcnvnjhend,

Lord Harry Powlet, Sir Smith, Sir Roger

gate, Mr. B/ackstone, Mr. Gray, Lord Strange, Sir George Savile, Mr. Parker, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Glover, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Millet, Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Ward, Mr. Prowse, Sir George Pigot, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Richard Bamfy/de, Mr. Staunton, Mr Clayton, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Cv.Jl, Mr. De Grey, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. West, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Turner, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Waller, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Walter, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ongley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hervey, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hunter, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Stephens, Mr. binfon. Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Champion, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Dempster, Mr. Ryder; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Offices Ordered, That Ijeave be given to bring in a Bill to and indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify Employment*, ^hcmselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes: And that Mr. Fuller and Mr. Holt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation An ingrafted Bill for Importation of faked Beef, of salted Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland for a Time to Prorifions. be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, frotp Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Xfle of Man. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce erf Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the IJleof Man: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time. upon Tuesday the 19th Day of February next.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in exe-

Paving; cution the several Acts of Parliament passed for paving, Street ToLL cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts in execution with great Diligence, and have made a great Progress in the Works thereby di-

rected to be done, which, they presume, has been pro-dudiye of a very considerable Convenience; and alledg-ing, that the Petitioners conceive, that it wou.d be a Means of hastening and extending the Works under their Care, and be a great liafe to the Inhabitants within the several Places directed by the said Acts to be paved, ckanfed, and lighted, if the Petitioners were impowered to raise a further Sum of Money, by a small Toll upon the Roads communicating with the said several Places, or by such other Means as the House shall think proper: And therefore praying the H use to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as shall enable the Petitioners most effectually to put the said Acts in execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Lord -

lough, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Mawbcy, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Hex vetSir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Shiftier,

General Conway, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Upton, Lord Strange,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Rigby , Mr. Burrell, Mr Onslow,

Lord Granby, Lord Harry Powlet, M r. Pitt, Lord North,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Kynaston, Doctor

Hay, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Barre, Sir George Pigot, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Dempster, Mr. OJ'wald, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Dyson, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Roger Newdigale, General A’Court, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gore, Sir Edward Mr.

Ful'ur, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Glover, Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Bacon, Lord John Cavendish, I ord Barrington, Mr.

Milles, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lascelles, Lord,

Lord Lome, Lord Frederick CampbellAnd they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for executing Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second, Third, and Fourth Years, of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster,&c. and of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 8th Day of December 1763, to the 9th Day of 1765, both inclusive, be referred 10 the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Accounts oi the Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the City and Liberty of Westminster, of the Receivers to the said Commissioners, and of the Bank of England with the said Commissioners, to the 29th of December 1764 inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into French Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Frnouers. Tuesday last, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker; all the Members of the House being uncovered.

And the several Papers which were presented to the-House upon Tuesday lait, by His Majesty’f Command, were allq read.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return the unfeigned Thanks of this House for His most gracious Message; and to represent to His Majesty, that having taken into our Consideration the State and Nature of the Accounts communicated to this House by His Majesty, and the Difficulties and Delay which mull necef-(arily attend a complete Liquidation of them; we are

humbly

5 Geo. III.

21 ° — 22° Januarit.

37

humbly of Opinion, that it will be most advisable for His Majesty to accept the Proposal contained in the Declaration made by the French Ambassador, for the more speedy satisfaction of His Majesty’s Demands upon Account of the Subsistence and Maintenance of the French Prisoners of War.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson allb acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bringing Ordered, That Sir IViHiam Meredith be added to the ^Ceded"11 Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring CoLiies. a Bill for extending the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to if the same Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marthj 2 2* die;

Anno 5° Georgii III,a Regis, 1765. Prayers.

A PETITION of John Elias Peter Samuel

Darhonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James Ofvald, and John Francis Anthony Riv, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Touchet and Mr. Reynolds do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jac<|iiery’s (and others) Mat.

’hiPAct, am *1* Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough

Small Debts. Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, the Stewards and Burgesses of the Borough of Caine, in the same County, the Bailiff of the Town and Lordship of Cor-sham, in the same County, and the Gentlemen, Trades-men, and other principal Inhabitants residing in and near the said Towns and Boroughs, and elsewhere, within the Hundreds of Chippenham, and Damerham

North, and Lordship of Corsham, in the said County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Towns of Chippenham, Caine, and Corsham, and the Places adjacent, all lying within the said Hundreds and Lordship, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufacture of Superfine Cloth, and other Voi. 30.

Woollen Goods, Which employs many thousand People, many of whom contract: small Debts, which in the whole amount yearly to a large Sum of Money, and, although well able, refuse to pay such Debts, prefuin-ing on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the great Expence and Delay of suing for the same in the ordinary Courts of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham

North, and Lordship of Corsham aforesaid, or to giant such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thd Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sif Robert Long, Mr. Gilbert,

Lord Howe, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Heivett, Sir Armine.

JVodehouse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Clayton, Air.

RufhoUt, Mr. Gr<jy, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Wood, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Methuen, Mr.

Mr. Rice, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Beji, Mr.

Mr. Parker, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Bui, Sir Hugh Dalrymple; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to w’ om Grc.-t the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Bur- To ringron geffes of Great Torrington, in the County of , Roads*

and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants residing in and near the lame, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having a Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla- takes Oaths, ration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Johnson being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Town of Great through

the Parishes of Great Torrington and Frithelfiock to H jk Hill in Frithelfiock’, and the Road leading from the said Town, through the Parishes of Great Torrington and Frithelfiock to Tallamy's Water; and the Road leading from the said Town through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Frithelfiock, and Monkleigh, to Monkleigh Town, in the said County; and the Road leading from the said Town of Great Torrington through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Saint Giles, and Beaford, to Beaford Town; and the Road leading from the said Town of Great Torrington, through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Saint Giles, and Roborrough, to Town;

and the Road leading from the said Town of Great

Torrington, over Cranford Floor, through the Parishes of Great Torrington, Saint Giles, and At her-

ington, to the River Taw in Aat Umber-ley Ford, and at Umberley Bridge; and the Road leading from Gammaton Floor, in the Parish of Biddeford, through the Parishes of Biddeford,

Saint Giles, High Bickington, and Barrington, to Wick Cross in Barrington, in the said County; are in a very

L ruinous

38 22° Januarii. A. 1765.

ruinous Condition, knd, in many Parts thereof, narrow and incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great in the County of

Devon: And that Mr. Walter, Sir Robert Long, and Mr. Stevens, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

L»"g’* Mr. Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom ^*t* the Bill for naturalizing Lang was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Cropton A Petition of Thomas Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure* Manor of Cropton, in the County of York, the several Owners or Impropriators of the Tytaes, great and small, arising, or issuing in, or out of any Lands or Grounds within the said Manor of Cropton, and the several Owners of Houses and Lands having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Cropton aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor there are very large and extensive Commons and Waste Grounds, containing Two thousand Acres of open and uninclosed Ground, or thereabouts, which are at present of small Use; and alledging, that if the same were divided and inclosed, they would be capable of very great Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste^ Grounds within the said Manor of Cropton, in the said County of York, and for other the Purposes therein to be mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Chomley, Mr. Hewett, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Distressed A Petition of a great Number of poor distressed Pri-

Debton. foners for Debt confined in the Gaol of the County of Norfolk, with many other poor distressed Prisoners for Debt, in the several Gaols within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

tVadhurst Mr. Fairfax presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wadhurjt Town, in the County of to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen s Hill, through the Parishes of Mar-

den, Yalden, and West Farley, to a certain Place or Street, called West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Danham Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to

Ferry, &c. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-.

holders, and other principal Inhabitants of the County of Nottingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Highway or Road, and Places therein alter mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vim. xi

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Charles Mellish Esquire, being examined, Cud, Thu? the Road leading from Dunham Ferry, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes or Lord ships of Dunham, RagnaU, Darlton, and Great Markham, to the South End of Great Markham Common, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in the Winter Sealbn, dangerous for Carriages; and that the said Road is, in many Piades, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. Willoughby and Mr. Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, ftp- Poor Law*, pointed to revise and consider the Laws relating to the Poor of that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, as to the Defers, the Repeal, or Amendment, of the said Laws, and as to making of any new Provisions or Regulations for the better Relief, Employment, and Settlement, of the Poor; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Laws relating to the Poor arc, in many Re-spe&s, defective.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Method of regulating the Poor by annual Parochial Officers, in separate Parishes and Townships, is, in general, ineffectual for their proper Relief and Employment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Methods of applying the Sums raised for the Relief of the Poor are, in general, grievous to their respective Parishes, and of pernicious effects to the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Employment of the able Poor, in such Works as may be suited to their Strength and Capacity, will be very beneficial to the Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Appointment of a competent Number of Districts throughout England and Wales, by Authority of Parliament, with proper Powers for uniting and incorporating the several Parishes, Townships, and Places in each, and the establishing a proper H ospital, Workhouse, and House of Correction, in each District, under the Management of Governors, Directors, or Trustees, to be specially chosen for that Purp ife, will be the most easy and effectual Method for relieving the impotent, employing the industrious, and reforming the vicious Poor.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Blackstone,

Sir Roger Newdigate, the Lord Cary fort, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Morton, Mr.

John Richmond Webb, and Mr. Gray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to His Majesty, Sjum*.

An Account of Extraordinary Expences incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between the 24th December 1763, and 25th December 1764.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

ACCOUNT

5 Geo. III.

39

22® Jamarii.

ACCOUNT of Extraordinaries incurred, apd not provided for by Parliament, between the 24th of December

1763, and 25th of December 1764.

Dates of Warrants.

1763. Dtcemr. 24.

1764.

Janry. 23.

Febry. 8.

May 24,

July 16,

August. 21.

Septr. 21.

October 30.

1763. April 15.

1764. April 2.

May 7.

Vol. 30.

To Mr. Balmer, in Discharge of a Warrant granted by Lieutenant Genl. Howard on Peter Taylor Esq; on Account of Forage delivered by him for the Combined Army in Germany - 2,245 !3 —

To Amfckrieber Hiper den, in Discharge of a, Ditto drawn by Col. Pierson on D# for 1068 riftoles Rix Dollars and Marien Gross for Ditto, delivered to the British Hospital Train at Diepholtz ----- 888 2 7

To Moses Isaacs, in Discharge of a D* granted by Lieut.

General Howard on D®, on Account of Sacks delivered into the Magazine at Rinteln ----- 246 6 10

To Amptman Reinhart, in Discharge of a D® granted by Col. Pierson on D®, for D® delivered into the Ma-gazines - - - - 357 1 —

To Mr. Koingiebel, in part of a D® drawn by D® on D®, payable to Mr.. Cordeman for an Account of D® delivered by him for the Combined Army - - - 325 r 1 3

To D®, to compleat D® Warrant, and other Warrants granted by D® on D®, payable to Mr. for D®

delivered toD® - -- -- 1,966 7 8

To Mr. ffilimans, in Discharge of a Warrant granted by D® on D®, for 710 Ducats, and 1 Rix Dollar, payable to Andrew Roehl for an Account of Hay delivered into the Magazine at Pytrmont - - - - 32 823

To - Ifenbart, in Discharge of a D® granted by Fre-

derick Halsey Esquire on D® for 18,135 for Waggons furnished by the County of Batheim, from the Month of

August 1761 to 31st Jany. 1 762 - - - - 1,604 6 4

To Mr. Lutterlough, in Discharge of a D® granted by Col.

Pierson on D®, for Straw delivered into the Magazine at Brakel - -- 150 16 —

To Mr. Beji, in Discharge of a Warrant granted by the Marquis of Granby on Peter Taylor Esquire, payable to His Majesty’s Chancery of War of for the

Maintenance and Support of the Prisoness of War of the Army of the Empire - - - - . -16,256 16 .4

To Mr . Best, and Fan Not ten, in Discharge of a Ditto '

granted by Lieut, Gen. Howard on D®, to the Prince of Corvey, for Wood, delivered by his Highness to the Bakery in Germany - - - 395 14 U

To F. H. A. Sudhaufen, in Discharge of a D® granted by Frederick Halsey Esquire on D®, for Forage supplied Major Trumbeck's Light Troop in Germany - - - 151 4 4

To Mr. Callings, in Discharge of a D® granted by Sir Jaimes

Cockbum on D®, for Meal Sacks delivered into the Ware-house of Darnel Wyer Esquire, at Bremen - - - 417 2 4

To Colonel M*Nab, to be paid over by him to several Subaltern Officers, who were employed in conducting Drafts from North Britain, to recruit the Army in Germany - - - - 103 JO —

To 2oo* Forage Money to Colonel Ke as Major Gen.

in Germany - -- -- - 140 —

To John West Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed for examining and (taring the Foreign Account of the late War in Germany, to be by him applied to the Payment of the Salaries of the Clerks, and Contingencies of the Office ——

*5>333 4 JO

To

40

Date* of Warrants.

9-

10.

June

October 16.

n.

Novemr. i.

*3*

1763. Derr. 22.

1764.

Febry. 4.

22.

March 23. May 7.

23.

Tf.'/y 16.

Sept. 28.

October 7.

22 ® Januarii.

9*

To 183d* Allowance to D#; as Secretary to the said Commissioners, at 1. 5. a Day, from 18th of 1763,

to the 18th of April 1764 -

To 183d* D°, to Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Thomas

and David Cuthbert, Esquires, at 2 a Day each, as

Commissioners appointed for Inquiry into, and stating the Debts for Extraordinaries in , from 21ft

September 1763, to 21 ft March 1764 -To Andrew Roehl, for Services performed by him during the late War in Germany -

To Mr. Bell, in full, for Wages, £sV. incurred during the late War in Germany -

To Major Bourne, for his Subsistence, and other contingent

Charges during the late War in Germany -

To Andrew Roehl, for Services performed by him during the late War in Germany -

To Mr. West, upon Account of the Pay of Clerks, ^nd several contingent Expences, incurred in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to examine and Hate the Debts for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in Germany ——

To Mefsr* Pownall, Cornwall, and 183d* Pay each,

as Commissioners appointed to examine and state the Debts for Extraordinaries, incurred during the late War in Germany, from 2 2d March to 20th September 1764,

at £.2 a Day each -

To 183d’ Pay of Mr. West, as Secretary to D®, from 19th of April to 18th of October 1764, at £.1. 5. a Day To Mess'* Guiguer and Maxwell, for the Ransom, Subsistence, &c. of Arthur Edmonds, a Hostage lately detained in France for the Ransom of the Little Molly, Richard Alboy, Master - -

To Sir George Amyand and James Tierney, in full of the Charges they were at for Corn delivered at Bremen, for the Use of the late Combined Army -

228 15 —

1,098-----

44-----

35 *9 3 135 *5 5

loo — —

1,000 -

1,098-----

228 i5 —

481 13 7 34® *4 3

To 295'* Pay of Edward Blakeney Esquire, as Commissary in Germany, at £.3 a Day, from ift July 1762 to the 21 ft of April 1763, both inclusive - - - - 885 — —

To 305" D® of John Mudye, Esquire, as Commissary in Germany, at £.3 a Day, from 4th October 1762, to and for the 4th of August 1763 -To 394d‘ D* of Mr. Crawfurd, as Deputy Commissary in D®, at £. 1. 10. a Day, from ift June 1762 to 29th June 1763, both inclusive -To 217* Pay of John Levett, Esquire, as Commissary in Germany, at £. 3 a Day, from 31st December 1762 to 4th of August 1763, both inclusive -

To 285®* D® of Colonel Defmaretz, at £.3 a Day, and 10s. a Day for his Secretary, as a Reward for, and in full Satisfaction for his Care and Labour in inspecting the Cunette Forts, iBc. at Dunkirk, agreeable to the 5"* Article of the Preliminaries, from 25th of 1763 to 5th April 1764, both inclusive -

To 92®* D* of Lieut. Colonel Faucitt, as Commissary, at £.5 a Day, for collecting together, depositing, and keeping in safe Custody at Hanover, all the Vouchers on which all the Commissaries in Germany granted Certificates for Money during the late War, from the ift December 1763, to the ift of March 1764, both inclusive - -

To 92®' D® of D®, as D® at D* Rate, from the 2d of March to ift June 1764, both inclusive -

To Colonel Dejmaretz, the Commissary at Dunkirk, for

Contingencies, from 2d January to 31st December

*763 ....

To 400®’ Pay of Mr. Dyer, at £. 2 a Day, as Deputy Commissary in Germany, from ift July 1762 to 4th August 1763 -

To Mr. Dyer, for Disbursements of his Office, as Deputy Commissary in Germany -

9*5-----

59i-----

651-----

997 10 —

460-----

460 — —

46 11 11

800 — —

15 *7 —

A. 1765.

7.035 2 6

To

5 Geo. III.

22* Janua

Dates of Warrants.

Novr.

*3-

1761

March

13-

1762

Deer.

To 92* Pay of Lieus. Colonel Faucitt, at £. 5 a Day* from 2d to ift September 1764, as a Commissary' for collecting, and keeping in ia£b Custody at,

all the Vouchers, CSV-. on which the Commissaries in Germany granted Certificates for Money, during the late War in Germany - -

To 366'" D* of Mr. Guiger, as Commissary for Exchange of French Prisoners of War, to the 24th December 1764 - -

22. To 3664* additional D* of D®, as D* to D*

460-----

183-----

183-----

1764.

Janry. 30.

March 29. May 10. June 1.

25* Augt. 21.

Septr. 14.

0£b\ 22.

Novr. 13.

T764. Feby. 22.

2,605 16 11 1,652 10 10 2,364 6 3

1,161 11 9

1,020 1 6

1,207 18 9

1,138 2 2

M73 H 9

1,140 3 2

1,123 — 7

May 23. 7-v 16.

Janry i6»

>v7 13.

June 27.

Novr. 13.

April 18, and 25.

Jaw*’ 25.

and Nov. 13. June 25.

June 15 and Septr. 28.

Vol. 30.

To Chamcy Townsend, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces at

Scotia, between the 3d October 1763, and the 30th of the same Month, both inclullve -

To D® for victualling D°, between the 31st of October and 27th November 1763, both inclusive -

To D*, for victualling D®, between the 28th November 1763, and 22d January 1764, both inclusive To D®, for victualling D", between the 23d January and the 19th February 1764, both inclusive To D®, for victualling D®, between the 20th February and the 18tii March 1764, both inclusive -To D®, for victualling D®, between the 19th March and the 15th April 1764, both inclusive -

To D®, for victualling D®, between the 16th April and the 13th May 1764, both inclusive -To D", f ir victualling D", between the 14th May and the lotli June 1764, both inclusive -To D® for victualling D®, between the nth June and the 8th July 1764, both inclusive - -

To D®, for victualling D®, between the 9th July and the 5th Avgujl 1764, both inclusive -

To D®, for victualling the Troops in Newfoundland, viz.

266 Men at St^John’s for $9*' to 21st August 1763, and 80 Men for 1244’ to 23d December 1763, 121 Men at Placentia for 429'* to the 26th of August 1763,

80 Men for 119dl to 23d December 1763, and the Train of Artillery in Newfoundland for 548"’* to 23d December 1763, upon Account

To ID®, for victualling D® in D®, viz. 243 Men for 914* from 24th December 1763, to 23 March 1764, both inclusive -

To D®, for victualling D® in D®, from 24th March to the 23 Juge 1764, both inclusive -

To Matthew Woodford Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal and Chigneclo,

between 13th June and 4th September 1763, both inclusive -

To D°, for victualling D®, between the 5th September and the 30th October 1763, both inclusive -

To D®, for victualling D®, between the 31st October 1763, and the 19th February 1764, both inclusive To D®, for victualling D®, between the 20th February and the 10th June 1764, both inclusive -

To MetT" Sir Samuel Fludyer, Drummond, and Franks, in Advance, on their Contract for victualling the Forces in North America -

To Mess'* Major and Henniker, in Advance, on their Contract for victualling the Forces in West Florida -

To MeflT,s Cuming and Mafan, in Advance, on their Con tract for victualling the Forces in Lafl Florida To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, in Advance, on his Contract for victualling the Forces at Tobago, and St

Vincent -

3.037

506 15 1

5

6 6

1,no 12 2

717

18 8

i,3*7 16 S

1,233 18 6

25,000 — —

3,000 — — - 1,500 — —

3,000 — —

55>523 *5 6

41

M

6,647 *8 11

Voted

42

6, 2° Januarii.

A. 1765

Dates of Warrants*

Voted on Account fof victualling Quebec Ditto for victualling Nova Scotia -

15,744 14 2 3,211 13 —

18,956 7 2

0<f?r. 30. To Sir George Amyand Baronet a d Nicholas Linwood Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Minorca - -

1764.

May 23. To Mr. Budd, for victualling the force* in Jersey, 6

Months, ending 14th February 1764 434 3 6

June 1. To D\ for D®, in Guernsey, 6 Months, ending the 14th

March 1764 - ----- 234 3 6

27.

1764. Janry. 30.

March 29.

May 7.

To Sir William Baker, for victualling the Forces at (now called

Halifax) between the ill October 1750 and the 25th December 1760 To the Contractors for victualling Gibra, to answer all Payments made and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for victualling as for Insurance, and all other incidental Expences, to the 24th December 1764 -

To satisfy and discharge Bills of Exchange drawn by Campbell

Esquire, late Governor of Guadeloupe -

To satisfy and discharge Bills of Exchange drawn by William Rufane Esquire, late Governor of Martinique - - - 325 — — -

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by D® - - 8,070 7 —

June 27. To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Jof. Partridge at

July 16. Septr. 21.

Q8r. 17. Novr. 13.

I5-

Deer. 13.

1764. July 25.

Septr. 14.

1763*. Deer. 28.

1764. Febry. 20.

9

3

6

Dominica - -- -- - 732 — —

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by D®, at D® - 500-----

To satisfy and discharge several D®, drawn by George

Rooke Esquire, at D® - - - 948 13 5

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by Robert Farmar

Esquire, Commander of the Troops at Mobi - - 645 13 n

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by D®, at D® - 700-----

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by Lieut. Colonel

Higginson, at St Vincent - - - - 570 — —

To satisfy and discharge Bills drawn by Frederick Blomberg 700-----

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by Captain Paul, at Tobago -

To satisfy and discharge Bills drawn by Governor Legge, at St. Vincent -

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by George Rooke Esquire, of Dominica -

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by Robert Farmar Esquire, Commander of the Troops at Mobile

To satisfy and discharge a Bill of Exchange, drawn by IV. H. Lyttleton Esquire, Governor of , for the

Service of the Musquito Shore -

To satisfy and discharge a D®, drawn by D®, for D®

To Mr. JVauchope, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are, or may be, in the Barracks of Plymouth -

To Thomas Liejlie Esquire, Barrack Master General in North Britain, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candle, &c. furnished to the Troops quartered in the Garrison of Fort

fVUham, Castle Duart, and Fort Augu, and the Barracks of Bernera, Inverfnaid, &c. and Fort , from

25th of December 1762 to 24th December 1763 - - 2,840 18 6

To Thomas Ball Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Jersey, for furnishing Candles for the Use of 7 Companies of Invalids doing Duty in the said Island, in the Year 1763 30 14 6

To Sir John My hie, Lieut. Governor of the Island of Guernsey, to defray the Expence of Coals and Candles fumished by him from ift September 1762 to 10th O£lo~ ber 1763, for the Use of Companies of Colonel s Regiment doing Duty in the said Island - - - 434 15 8

386 3

1,098 15 102 6

709 11

90 — 721 2

500-----

S6>56 7 4

3,000 — — 7

468 7 -

604 10 —

11,671 3 —

853 *7

8.395 7 —

7»°93 2 n

tn a —

To

34* jlaHud

43

5 Geo. III.

D^t^i of Warrants.

Lm . mm'tu.

To Philip Thichtejje Esquire, LiCut. GoVerttof of LaHdguarrl Fort, for fumishing Coals, Candles, £i for the Use of the Forces in the said Garrison, from 24th December 1762 to 30th September 1763, both inclullve -To John IVemys Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Castle, for furnishing Coals, Candles, tic. for the Use of the Forces quartered in the said Garrison, from the 1 ft July to 30th September 1763, both inclusive May 16. To Sir Thomas Pym Hale, for l'upplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with Goals and Candles, and other incident Charges, for the Troops quartered there, from 24th June 1762 to 24th June 1763 -

June 22. To John IVemyfs Esquire, Lieut. Governor of Edinburgh Castle, for Coals, Candles, tic. for the Forces quartered in the said Garrison, from ift October to 3 ift 1763, both inclusive -

To D° for D°, from ift January to 31st March 1764 08r. 12. To Lieut. Governor Bat1, for Coals and Candles furnished 7 Companies of Invalids doing Duty in the Island of jersey- -

Novr. 23. To Thomas Boiverbank Esquire, for divers Utensils, Coals and Candles, tic. for the Barracks at for the

Lie of the Forces there -

OSooer 5.

1763. July 13.

28.

12$ X5 2

141 8 —

- 731 10 6

142 10 — 152 14 —

*97-----

402 19 11

To i4d* Subsistence allowed to each of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the 6 old Troops of the Third Regiment of Dra* goon Guards -

To 14'* D°, allowed D° of the Light Troop of D® Regiment -

To 14'" D®, allowed D®, of the D® of D® Regiment To i4d‘ D®, allowed to each of the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of Lord Robert Manners's Regiment of Foot; also an Allowance of 31. each to 7 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 134 private Men, in lieu of their Swords ——

To i4d‘ D®, allowed Colonel Lambert's Regiment; also an Allowance of 3 s.each to 18 Corporals, Six Drummers, and 536 private Men, in lieu of D® -

To I4<’’ D®, allowed Colonel Irwin's D*; also also an Allowance of 3 s. each to 30 Corporals, 15 Drummers, and (>5 private Men, in lieu of D®

To 4d‘ D®, allowed Lieut. Colonel s D*; also an

Allowance of 35. each to 3 Corporals, 4 Drummers, and 61 private Men, in lieu of D® -

To I4d‘ D®, allowed Colonel Frafer's D®, to 2 Serjeants

7 Corporals, 6 Drummers, and 149 private Men; also an Allowance of 3 s.each (Serjeants excepted) in lieu

of D®....

To i4d* D®, allowed Lieut. Gen. Stewart's D®

To i4d’ D®, allowed Sir David Cutiyngham's D® -To John Gambier Esquire, for Bounty and Sword Money to the disbanded Men of the late Independent Company at Providence, and for victualling and transporting them to their several Places of Residence -

38 5 —

14 ls —

18 9 —

76 2 8

298 18 — -

8t .5 —

223 16 4

*3 18 8

60 8 4

149 9 8

302 12 2

29.

To Lieut. Colonel John Campbell, for the Marches of his Regiment of Foot, from landing in England to 9th April 1763 -To the Marquis of Granby, for D® of the Royal Forresters, from 25th June 1761 to 24th June 1762 -

To D®'for D®, of D® from 25th June 1762 to 2d March 1763 ——

To Major Craufurd, for D® of his Regiment of Foot, from 17th October 1761 to 4th April 1763 -

To Major General Pet hot i for D’ of his D®, from 23th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 -

To Lieut. Colonel Charles Grey, for D* of his D®, from 24th February 1761 to 24th June 1762 To Major Hamilton, for D® of his Regiment of Foot, from their being raised to their Embarkation for Belleijle, to 24th June 1762 -

To the Duke of Argyll, for D® of his Light Troop, from 25th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 -

384 1 11

138 l9 8

162 7 4

693 5 —

463 11 5

230 18 11

136 1 7

128 2 2

Vol. 30-

5,804 6

1.347 *9

3

10

To

44

r).itfs of

Warrant.*

August io.

?7»

1764*

Janry. 20.

Febry. 20.

March 5. April 2.

June

Septr. 12.

1763. August 10.

*7*

26. Otfr. 14.

1764.

Janry.

2C.

Febry. 8. 20.

22* Januari'u

A. 1765*

To the Earl of Ancram, for D# of hi* D®, to the 24th of June 1763 - -

To Lieut. General Gholmondley, for D* of his D*, from the 25th April 1762 to the 24th December following To Lieut. Colonel Barri for D® of his Regiment of Foot, from the Time of being raised, to 2d May 1763 To Sir John Mordaunt, for D°of his Light Troop, from 25th June 1760 to 24th June 1762 -To Major Gen. Petiott, for D® of his Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1762 to ill June 1763 -

To General Guise, for D® of his Regiment of Foot, from 10th October 1763 to 24th D following - -> To Lieut. Gen. Mojlyn, for D® of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons late under his Command, from 25th December 1761 to 24th June 1763 -

To Lieut. Colonel OJwaid, for D* of his Regiment of Foot, from 10th August 1761 to 10th 1763, the Day of Reduction -

To Major Deaken, for D* of his D®, from being raised in October 1761 to 24th June 1762 To D®, for D® of his D°, from 25th June 1762 to the lft June 17^3, the Day of their Disbandment -To Lord Robert Manners, for D° of his D®, from 25th December 1762 to 30th June 1763 -To Lieut. Gen. Bockland, for D® of his D®, from their Arrival from Germany in March 1763 to the 26th October following

To Lieut. Colonel Beauclerk, for D® of his D®, from the 17th October 1761 to 24th December 1762 -

To Major Nairne, for D® of his D®, from D® to D®

To Lieut. Colonel Keith, for D® of his D®, from their Arrival from Germany to 24th May 1763 To Lord Robert Manners, for D® of his D®, from 24th June 1763 to 22d March 1764 -

To Gen. Quife, for D* of his D®, from 25th 1763

to 24th June 1764 -

To Mr. Fisher, late Agent to the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, for D®, (Ac. from 15th June 1760 to D® -

122 13

00 Vn *7 2

722 16 4

207 6 2

201 18 11

59 *5 7

3° 9 13 4

00 r9 8

Sio 11 1

421 12 10

170 *3 11

204 18 *7

863 r3 10

585 10 8

594 1 10

413 r9 11

205 ir 1

00 0 Ln »5 8

To the Earl of Ancram, to replace Arms, (Ac. belonging to the Officers of his Regiment of Dragoons loft in Germany in the Campaign 1762 - -- - - 213 6 6

To Lieutenant General Bland, to replace 6 Horses belonging to D* of his D®, loft in D® Campaign - - 93 8 — -

To Lord Tyraw/ey, to replace 22 ' Horses belonging to D® of his D®, which were (hot during the Campaigns in Germany, io the Years 1760 and 1761, on Account of . their being distempered ----- 333 10 —

To the Marquis of Granby, to replace Swords, Accoutrements, (Ac. belonging to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, which were loft in Germany during the Campaigns 1761 and 1762 ----- igS 6 11

To Lieut. General Cholmondeley, to replace 34 Horses belonging to the Officers of his Regiment of Dragoons, loft in Germany in the Campaigns 1759, 1760, 1761,

1762, and 1763 ----- 317 12 —

To Lieut. Gen. Lascelles, to replace 500 compleat Suits of Cloaths belonging to his Regiment, which were delivered for the Ute of the 2d and 3d Battalions of the Royal Americans, in lieu of the like Quantity loft in the Year 1759 - -

To Colonel Rurgoyne, to replace 19 Horses and 6 Mules, belonging to the Officers of his Regiment, loft in the Campaign in Portugal 1762 To Lieut. Colonel Vaughan, to replace Arms, (Ac. belonging to his Regiment, taken by the Enemy in their

Passage to Dominique....

To Lieut. Gen. Stuart, to replace 25 Horses belonging to the Officers of his Regiment, which were loft in Germany -

1,090 — 8

381 11 —

9 —

381 6 —

10,061 17 2

To

45

5 Geo. III. 22°

Dates of Warrants.

2r2r.

20.

March 5. April 16.

May 16. 18.

Sept. 12. 14.

1764.

janry. 20. March 28.

7*iy 27.

1764.

, June 15.

Deer. 5.

1763.

July 29.

VOL. JO.

To Colonel Keppell, to replace Arms, tile, belonging to his Regiment, loft during the Siege of the

1762.....- - -

To Lieut. Colonel Keith, to replace 16 Horses, belonging to the Officers of his Regiment, loft in Germany -To Major General Anjlruther, to replace 150 Suits of Cloathing belonging to his Regiment, which were delivered for the Use of the 3d Battalion of the Royal Americans, in lieu of the like Quantity loft in the Year 1760 -

To Lieut. General Conway, to replace Arms, Accoutre* ments, Horses, belonging. to his Regiment,

which were loft in Germany in the Years 1760, 1761, and 1762 - - - - *

To Colonel Burgoyne, to replace Swords and Accoutre* ments belonging to his Regiment, loft in To Colonel Coote, to replace sundry Species of Accoutre* ments belonging to his Regiment, which were loft in the East Indies in the Fantafalam and Fort William Schooner To Mr. Oldham, to be by him paid over to sundry Officers belonging to the late 75th Regiment of Foot, for Horses and 5 Mules, loft by them in Portugal, 1763

To Lieut. Gen. Napier, to replace 24 Horles belonging to his Regiment, which were loft during the Campaigns in Germany -

To Mr. Oldham, to be paid over by him to several Officers, to replace Horses and Mules loft by them in Germany send Portugal, 1762 -

To Major Goreham, to replace sundry Species of Cloathing belonging to his late Corps of Rangers, which were loft on board the Oliver in her Passage to Boston

662 t$ 6 244 9 —

275 11 —

191 9 4 1,322 3 8

1,291 — 6

138 8 —

366 11 —

228 8 —

94 to 3

To Sir Charles Howard, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1763, 94 Horses of his Regiment, between nth and 27th-September 1763 - 140 7 7

To Major General Elliott, for keeping 660 effective Horses of his Regiment for 3 8ds, from the 4th May to 10th June 1760, for 86 effective Horses for 20 Weeks, from 4th May to 20th September, and for 12 Supernumerary effective Horses, from 4th to 25th 'May 1763 inclusive, being the broken Periods of Time for which no Allowance for Grass Money has been made to the said Regiment. - ' 976 i 6

To Major Gen. Elliott, for Extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Necessaries for the Non-commission Officers anid private Men of a Detachment of his Regiment, employed upon the Duty of the Royal Family - 300 — —

To Mr. Trotter, Sox Camp Necessaries for the 6 2d and 70th

Regiments of Foot - - - - *77 14 4

To Ditto for D*, for the 3 ad Regiment of Foot - 187 i a 7

To Major Naime, being the Value of 365^ nett Off-reckonings for the Supernumerary Non-commission Officers and private Men of a Company added to his late Regiment, together with the Allowance of js. for a Waistcoat to each Man, to defray the Expence of Cloathing provided by him for the said Supernumerary Men - - - 91 16 8

To D*, being the Value of 8 Months, or 243d’ D*, for a Company added to D* Regiment, to enable him tofur-nish the Non-commission Officers and private’Men of the said Company with Swords, Leather Accoutrements, and other Species of Cloathing, that the Alignment of the Off-reckonings of the said Company may not be carried further than the 24th Ju 1763 - 145 6 8

n

To 14* Subsistence allowed to the Non-commission Of* ficers and private Men of the 2d Battalion of Devon-JhirtMilitia - - - - 25 15 8

To I4d* D% allowed to private Men of Somersetjkire D*,

who were not included in the First Return - 18 —

N

8,17 6 16 4

1,416 9 1

4 $5 6 9

*37 3 4

*7

3 8 To

A. 1765

46 22°

Date? of Warrants.

>763-

uji 17. Septr. 21.

1764. Febry. 20.

}7S9-

jaury. 3.

July 31.

1761. May 27.

1762. Febry. 10.

May 10.

1763. March 25.

1764. Deer. 23.

1764. Janry. 20.

April 16.

3°* May 16.

22.

3°* 15.

Novr. 16.

*763.

D#r- 3-

To Lord Malpas, for the Marches of the Militia, from the ift

February 1762 to 24th December following - - 458 11 8

To Sir Thomas WorJIey, for D® of the South Battalion of ®l HifapfliireD®, from 23th June 1762 to 24th December

following - - 178 14 n

To George Onslow Esquire, for D* of the ,from the

25th June 1761 to 24th December 1762 - 961 6 it

To Sir Edward Blackett, for D* of Northumberland D®, from 2d May 1760 to 24th December 1762

11

To 365*' Pay of Major Bluguire, in lien of a Troop, to the 24th of December 1763 ----- 282 17 6

To 264'" D* of Robert M*Gackan, as a Supernumerary Captain in Lord Panmure's Regiment, to the 15th March 1763 ----- 132 — —

To 366*" D® of Thomas Guthbert, as D® in Lord George

Beauclerk's Regiment, to 24th December 1764 - - 183 — —

To 366<i* D® of Rickard Carr, as D® in Lieut. General

Bockland's D®, to D® - - - - 183 — —

To 366'* D* of Major Blaguir, in lieu of a Troop in Colonel Hales's Dragoons, to D®

To 366 ®*D® of Major Cliffe, in lieu of D®, to D® -

To 366'" D® of Lieut. Gen. , late Adjutant General, fii lieu of his Pay, to D®

To 183’'* D® to Major Gales, in lieu of his Pay, as late

Major of the 45th Regiment, to 24th of 1764 - 137 5 —

To 404* Allowance to Major Rooke, in lieu of his Pay, as late Major of the 98th Regiment, to 24th December

1763 ....

To 366®’ D® to D®, in lieu of Ditto, as D® of D® Regiment, to 24th December 1764 -To 154®* D® to Major Gates, in lieu of D®, as D® of the 45th D®, to 24th December 1763 -

To 243®* D® to Hugh Morgan Esquire, deceased, late Colonel of the 90th Regiment, in lieu of a Company, to the 6th of May 1762 -

To 761d* D* to Major Stuart, in lieu of a D®, to the 18th March 1763 ——

To 253®* D® to Colonel Grant, in lieu of a D®, to Ditto -

3°

274 10 — -115 10 —

122 10 —

380 10 — 126 10 —

To 272®* Pay of Major General Par flow, as a Major General on the Staff at Gibralta, to 22d September 1763 inclutive -

To the Pay of the Staff Officers serving in , to

24th April 1763 -

To the Pay of the Staff and Hospital Officers at Guadeloupe, to 4th January 1764 -

To Lieutenant Colonel Morrison, Quarter Mailer General, for his own Pay, at £. 1 a Day, from 25th December 1762 to 13th May 1763, both inclusive; and for the Pay of his Two Amstants, from 25th 1762 to

24th December 1763, at 51. a Day each -To the Pay of the Staff Officers at Senegal and Goree, to 30th September 1763 -

To the Pay of D® at Minorca, to 24th of 1763 To Three Major Generals, in Consideration of their Trouble and Expence in reviewing the Land Forces in the Year 1764....

680-----

7>675 l7 3

1,948 10 8

322 10 —

3,547 10 — 329 9 —

2,881 11 6

To Mr. Adair, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of his Account, as Director of the Hospitals upon the Expedition under the Command of Major General Monckton, between the 8th November 1761, and 20th June 1762 ——

1,662 12 5

2,983 5 6

*7«385 8 5

24 14 11

To

5 Geo. III.

22* Jam

47

Dates of Warrants.

i*

1764.

Janry. 27.

Febry. 8.

20.

22.

March 12.

19.

April 11.

,3*

*4-

18.

To 223'" Pay of Major Getieral Monckton, 2s Comthandet in Chief of the Forces employed on an Expedition against Martinivo, at 10 a Day, with an Allowance for One Secretary and Two Aids de Camp, at ioj. a Day each, from 2d November 1761 to 12th June 1762 -

To Lord George Beauclerk, Commander in Chief of the Forces in North Britain, ih full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions, for the Good of the Service in that Part of the Kingdom -To Robert Gardener, Gent, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by

him for Necessaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, &c<

To Mr. Lee, in Consideration of his having received and admitted into his Hospital such Soldiers of the Artny as have been afflicted with Ruptures during the Year 1763 -

To Colonel Frederick, for the contingent Disbursements of the Regiment late under his Command, from the Time of its leaving Betleijk, to 24th May 1763, the Time of its Difbandment -To Colonel Irwin, for D# of his D°, from 25th December 1762 to 24th October 1763, both inclusive -

To Wm. Keene. in full Satisfaction for a Sloop belonging to him, impressed to carry Passengers from Newfoundland to in which Passage

the faitffSloop was loft ——

To Mr. Drummond, to be by him paid over to several Officers of the 74th Regiment, in Compensation of the Losses they fuftairted at the blowing up Fort Augtfius in Jamaica, and burnt on board the Folly Transport returning fn in the Havannah -

To John Cathcart Esquire, Director of the Hospitals in Great Britain, to enable him to defray the Expence of providing Bedding, idc. for the Garrisons in the Neutral Islands, St. and Pensacola, and other

incidental Charges -

To Mr. Vardy, to be by him paid over to several Artificers, for Work done by them in Repairs, tsfe. at the Tilt Yard, Scotland Yard, the Savoy, Somerset House, St. James’s, Whitehall, Kenjinglon, and Hampton Court, Anno 1763 -

To 66 id* Pay of Mr. Cuyler, as Commissary General of Stores, CsV. upon the Expedition to Martinico, from 9th November 1761, the Time he left New York, to the 31 ft Aitgujl 1763, the Time of his Arrival at Portsmouth -

To i48d* Pay of Lieut. Colonel Scot, as Governor of the Grenada Islands, from 30th July to 24th December 1762, both inclusive, at £. 1 a Day -To Jx>rd Rollo, Commander in Chief of the Expedition against Dominique, to be by him paid over to several Officers that were employed on the said Expedition, for Forage -

To Mr. Drwwpond, as Agent to the late 74th Regiment, to be by him paid over to the Captains of the said Regiment late fervrng in Jamaica, as an Allowance equal to the Contingent Men in other Regiments of Foot, from i$ttt December 1759 to 6th December 1763 - -

ToD*, on Account of the Pay and Subsistence of a Detachment of Colonel Worge’s Regiment, from 20th October 1763, to the Time of their Dif-mission ——

To John Cathcart Esquire, to enable him to defray the Expence of the Paf-

sage of several Surgeons Mates going to serve in the new Settlements in North America, and to reimburse him the Pay he has advanced to them, and other incidental Charges -Tfr Captain Morrison, in full for the like Sum expended by him in Travelling Charges during his Attendance upon the Denbighshire and Flint -shireRegiments of Militia in 1760 -

To Richard Worge Esquire, Governor of Senegal, to reimburse him the Sums expended by him on Account of Duties paid, Presents, and other Disbursements made to the Kings, Princes, and others, residing in and about Senegal, from ift January 1763 to 30th June following To Major Caulfield, towards the Expence of Roads and Bridges to be made and built in North Britain, during the Year 1764 5,995 14 8

To D\ for defraying the Expences of repairing the Roads

and Bridges there, during the Year 1764 - 500 — —

May 9. To Captain Hoddinet, Quarter Matter to the Qddstream Regiment of Foot Guards, for Disbursements on Account of the said Regiment, from 25th December 1762 to 24th December 1763 - -

16. To Mr. Oldham, to be by him paid over to the several Officers of the late 75th Regiment, on Account of Lodging Money during the Time the said Reg;ment did Duty in the Island of Jersey -

30. To Lieut. General Bockland, for the contingent Disbursements of his Regiment, from 10th May 1760 to 31st January 1763 - -

Vol. 30,

2,564 10

300 — —

1.124 S4

300 — . —

427 10 9

57° -

400 —

43® II

3.125 I3 -

1,388 14 —

66l — -

I48 —

208 4 —

I,08l l8 —

1,120 — - —

1,358 I4 —

96 5 —

1,988 3 4

6,495 14

311 17 —

425 6 4

*39 7 1

To

22* Jamarii.

A. 1765.

48

Dates of Warrants.

June 22.

July 16.

27.

August 10.

24. Sept. 7.

14.

©ft. 12.

31' Nov. 23.

Dff. 3. 21.

Superb Men.

To 1113d* Pay of Colonel Burton, as Governor of the Town of This Rrviers in North America, to 10th October 1763 - -1,113-----

Jo 1115ds D* of Major General Gage, as Governor of

Montreal, to Ditto - - - - 1,115-----

To Lockhart Russell, of the 45th Regiment of Foot, for Freight, (Ac. ot discharged Men and Invalids of the said Regiment in their Passage from Newfoundland to England -

To Captain Bunbury, to reimburse him several Sums, expended for the Use of the Garrison of Goree, between 9th July and 30th September 1763, both inclusive, and agreeable to Orders given him by Governors and

Cary -

To 3379ds additional Allowance to Sir John St. Clair, as Deputy Quarter Mailer General in North America, from 24th September 1754 to the 24th December 1763, both inclusive - -

To MelF* Lazoun and Newton, for their extraordinary Expence in attending the mustering of the Forces at sundry Times of Reduction and Disband-ment ——

To Mr. Robert Adair, Inspector of the Regimental Infirmaries, on Account of the Hire of Nurses, (Ac. for the Hospitals at Carijbrook Castle -To Mr. Cary, late Governor of Goree, being the Value of the Goods and Merchandize burnt and destroyed in Fort Elizabeth by the Explosion of the Powder Magazine on the 15th October 1762 - -

To Mr. Adair, as Di rest or of the Hospital at Martinique, from 17th June

1762 to 28th June 1763 - - - - -

To Major Gorehdm, to make up the Difference of Pay between Major and Captain for from 2d August 1760 to 24th May 1761

To Governor Worge, in lieu of the like Sum flopped from the Officers of his Regiment towards the Expence of Wine furnished them between August 1759 and 19th October 1763 - -

To Sir John Forbes, being so much allowed him to defray the Expence of his Passage from the East Indies to England -

To Mr. Garth, in full Satisfaction and Discharge for Wages, Provisions, (Ac. for the Scout Boat employed in transporting Detachments from South Carolina to Georgia, from 28th May 1763 to 24th 1764 To Mr. Edie, to be by him paid over to Captains Hunt and Gually, Lieutenants Lavis, Hewetfon, Ilorjburgh, and Cartwright, of Lieut. General.

Adlercron's Regiment, in Aid of their Expences in their Passage from the East Indies ——

To Mr. Bond, Executor of Lieut. IVitter of the 74th Regiment, to reimburse the like Sum expended by him in paying the Expences of the Garrison at Galeni up the River Senegal for 370^, from 3d September 1760 to 7th September 1761 -

To Daniel Race, for a Bill of Exchange drawn by Jof. Campbell, Cashier of the Bank of Scotland, for Six Years Allowance to the Directors of the said Bank -

To MelF* Cujl and Touchet, in full for their Commission and other Charges, at the Rate of One per Cent, on £.491,889. 12. 4. remitted by them to Germany for the Use of the Combined Army there, between the 30th July 1762 and the 29th January 1763 -

To 23d* Pay of the 3d Regiment of Horse or Carabineers, from 25th April

1763 to 19th May, both inclusive, at £.42 9. 8. a Day ... To 33ds Pay of the 4th Regiment of Horse, from 25th April 1763 to 27th

May following, bbth inclusive, at £.42. 9. 8. a Day -To 37d* Pay of the 18th Regiment of Dragoons, from D* to 31st May following, both inclusive, at £.28. 8; a Day - -To 33d3 Pay of-a Colonel added to D% from 27th April 1763 to D*, both inclusive, at £.0. 19. 6. a Day -

To 33d* Pay of a Chaplain added to D*, from 29th April 1763 to D\ both inclusive, at £0. 6. 8. a Day -

To 68dt Pay of the 2tft Regiment of Dragoons, from 23th December 1762 to 2d March 1763, both inclusive, at £.Si. 2. 6.

To 38dt Pay of the 5th Regiment of Foot, from 23th April 1763 to ill June following, both inclusive, at £.23. 8. 2.

To 6id* Pay Of the 41st D\ from D* to 24th June, both inclusive, at £.(>. 4. 2. a Day -

To 23 q*Pay of the 47th D#, from D* to 17th December following, both inclusive, at ^.44. 1. 6. a Day - -

To i4ids Pay of the 48th D*, from D# to 12th September following, both inclusive, at £.44. 1. 6. a Day - -

To 43d* Pay of Nine Companies of D*, from 13th September 2763 to 27th October following, both inclusive, -at £.23. 8. 2, a Day

2,228 7"- ’

162 3 —

951 13 4

1,689 IO —

no — —

300 — —

800 — —

470 — —

74 —

i.i47 IO 3

60 — —

366 5 7

184 9 —

396 *9 7

600 — —

4,918 17 11

1,062 1 8

1,401 *9 —

1,050 16 —

34 2 6

11 — —

4>*56 IO —

889 IO 4

378 14 2

10,445 r5 6

6,214 11 6

' I»°53 7 6

To

5 Geo. III.

2 a0 Januarii.

Dates of Warrants.

To 2ids Pay of the 50th Regiment of Foot, from 25th April 1763 td 15th May following, both inclusive, at £. 23. 8. 2. a Day To 26Ji Pay of the 51st D®, from D° to 20th following, both inclusive, at/.23. 8. 2. a Day - -

To 244^ Pay of the 55th D°, from D° to 24th December following, both inclusive, at £.38. 8. 2. a Day - -

To 135d* Pay of the 56th D°, from D® to 6th September following, both inclusive, at £. 50. 6. 4. a Day. - -

To 50ds Pay of D°, from 7th September 1763 to 26th October following, both, inclusive, at £.£3.. 8. 2. a Day -

To3idsPayof the 58th^R^|ment of Foot, from 25th April 1763 to 25th May following, "both Inclusive, at £. 23. 8. 2. a Day To 244'* Pay of the 3d Battalion of the 60th, from D° to 24th December following, both inclusive, at £.44. 1. 6. a Day -To 122ds Pay of 4th Battalion of D®, from D® to 24th following,

both inclusive, at £. 44. 1. 6. a Day -

'To 13d5 Pay of 5 Companies of the 61st Regiment of Foot, from 25th April 1763 to 7th May following, both inclusive, at £. 29. 3. 8. a Day -To 17d= Pay of D® of D® Regiment, from 8th May 1763 to 24th of the same Month, both inclusive, at £. 13. 16. 8. a Day -To i6di Pay of Four Companies of D® Regiment, from 25th 1763 to 10th May fo1 lowing, both inclusive, at £. 21.2. 8. a Day To 14ds Pay of D°- of D® Regiment, from 11 th to 24th May, both inclusive, at £. 9. 8i a Day - -

To 9d* Pay of the 64th Regiment of Foot, from 25 th 1763 to 3d May, ~ both Days inclusive, at £.<50. 6. 4. a Day -

To 62ds Pay of D® Regime^ firop May 1763 to 4th July following,

both inclusive, at ^.13. 8.. - -

To 68ds Pay of the 65th Regiment of Foot, from 25th April 1763 to ill July following, both Days inclusive, at/. 50. 6. 4. a Day ' To 126th Pay of D* Regiment, from 2d July 1763 to 4th November following, both Days inclusive, at £.23. 4. 8. a Day -

To 28ds Pay of the 66th Regiment of Foot, from 25th April 1763 to 22d

May following, both Days inclusive, at £.23. 4. 8. a Day To 2ds Pay of the 68th D®, from 25th April to 26th of the same Month, both inclusive, at /. 50. 6. 4. a Day -

To 76ds Pay of D® Regiment, from 27th April 1763.10 11th July following, both inclusive, at /. 23. 4. 8. a Day -To 185ds Pay of the 69th Regiment, from 25th April 1763 to 26th O5lo-berfollowing, both inclusive, at/.40. 3. 10. -To 57ds Pay of the 70th Regiment, from 25th April 1763 to 20th June following, both inclusive, at £.23. 4. 8. a Day -To 38d* Pay of the 71st Regiment, from 25th. 1763 to 1 ft June following, both inclusive, at /. 50. 6. 4. a Day -

To i27ds Pay of the 72d Regiment, from D° to 29th August following, both inclusive, at/.50. 6. 4. a Day - -

To 226ds Pay of the 74th Regiment, from D® to 6th December following, both inclusive, at /. 44. 12. a Day -

To 30'* Pay of the 75th Regiment, from D® to 24th May following, both inclusive, at /. 50. 6. 4. a Day -

To 22id‘ Pay of the 76th Regiment, from D® to ill December following, both inclusive, at /. 67. 1. 6. a Day -

To 244ds Pay of the 77th Regiment of Foot, from 25th April 1763 to 24th December following, both inclusive, at £.6o. 5. 2. a Day -To 234dt Pay of the 78th, from D® to 14th December following, both inclusive, at £.6o. 3. 2. a Day -

To 244d‘ Pay of the 80th Regiment, from D® to 24th December following,

both inclusive, at £.27. 9. 10. a Day - -

6upern* Men. To 61* Pay of the 81st Regiment, from D® to 24th June following, both inclusive, at /.15. 18. a Day - -

Stiperny Men. To 61^ D®of- the 82<1 Regiment, from D® to D®, at £.15., 18. a Day

To 43d* Pay of the 83d Regiment, from D® to 6th June following, both

inclusive,'at £.56. a Day ——

- _ ' To 30* Pay of the 85th Regiment, from D° to 24th May following, both

inclusive, at £.77. 5. 2. a Day. -

To 178ds Pay of the 86th Regiment, from D® to 19th October following, both inclusive, at £.49. 19. 4 -

To 3ods Pay of the 87th Regiment, from D® to 24th May following, both inclusive,-at £.44. 3. 8. a Day -

To 15d‘ Pay of the'88th Regiment, from D® to 9th May following, both inclusive, at £. 44. 3. 8. a Day -

*. To 43* Pay-of the 91st Regiment, from D® to 6th June following, both

inclusive, at £.57. 11. a Day - 1 - -

Vol. 30

491 11 6

" V|" 4

9,37* 12 8

6,792 —

1,170 8 4

725 *3 2

10,754 6 —

5>377 3 —

379 7 8

3 4

8

13* 12 —

452 *7 —

1,440 9 4

r3 10 8

2,927 8 "

650 10 8

IOO - V 12 8

i>7 65 H 9

7»435 9 2

*.324 6 —

1,912 — 8

6,390 4 4

10,079 12 —

1,509 10 —

14,823 11 6

»4,703 — 8

14,100 9 —

6,707 »9 4

969 18 —

969 18

2,408 —

2,317 >5 —

8,894 1 4

1.325 10 —

662 *5 —

2,474 *3 —

To

ft

5°

22° Janu.

Pates of Warrants.

To 2230 Pay of the 94th Regiment, from D* to 3d December following, both inclusive, at £.39. 9. 10. a Day -

To 394’ Pay of 6 Companies of the 97th Regiment, from D* to 2d June,

both inclusive, at £.35-. 16.4. a Day - -

py> £04Pay of the 98th Regiment, from EP to 14th November following, * both inclusive, at £. 29. 13. a Day ——

To 47*" Pay of the 99th Regiment, from D° to 10th June following, both

inclusive, at £.27. 19. 6. - .,<*>....

To 208"" Pay of the 100th Regiment; from D’ to iSth November fallowing, both inclusive, at £.22. 13. 10. a Day - - - , -

To 614* P;j.y of the Supernumerary Men of Captain Je$KkpA&miependent Company of Invalids, from 25 th to 24th June1 763, both inclusive, at £.o, 14. 3. a Day -

To 36d* P^y of the io2d Regiment of Foot, from 23th April 1763 to 30th May following, both Days inclusive, at £. 32. 15. 2. a Day - -

To 47"" Pay of the 103d D*, from D* to 10th June following, both inclusive, at £.43. 18. a Day - , - - - - -

To 8J‘ Pay of the 106th, from D° to ad May following, both inclusive, at ^.49. 17. 4, a Day -

To 174* Pay of the 107th D% from D* to nth May following, both inclusive, at £.39. 14. 10. a Day -

To 47<u Pay of 109th Dyffotn D* to 10th June following, both inclusive, RP at £-21. 18. a Day r - -

vTo 38d* Piiy of noth D*, from D* to ift June following, both inclusive, at £. 26. 1. 2. a Day ——

To 344* Pay of 4nth D*, from D° to-aSth May following, both inclusive, at /-,27- *5- 4* a Day - - - - W-

To 404* Pay of 113th D°, from D* to 3d June following! inclusive, at £. 26. 1. 2. a Day -

T©^4* P^y of 119th D*, from 25th December 1762 to 7th March follow-

,^th inclusive, at 50. 6. 4. a Day

War Office,

22d January 1765.

A. 1765.

8,806 12 19

1,396 *7 —

6,069 — —

1>3H 16 6

4.719 >7 4

43 9 3

M79 6 —

8,063 6 —

398 V 18 8

675 12 2

1,029 6 —

990 4 4

944 1 4

1,042 6 8

3.673 t 4

404,496 , 7 6

W. Ellis.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall

think fit.

Haneem’* -A- Petition of Richard Duppa, heretofore called Richard

Nam#. Nancorn, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Mr. Alderman Dickmfon, according to Order, reported Setting forth, That Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollingborne, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom in tish County of Kern, deceased, by his Will, gave it was referred tp consider of the Supply granted to His -and aevised certain Estates to the Petitioner for Life, Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-and to his first and every other Son in Tail, with divers rented him to report to the House; which he read in his Remainders over, upon Condition that the Petitioner, Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

and every other Person who shall be entitled to any Where the feme were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Estate under the said Will, shall, upon taking Possel- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comtpittee, fion thereof, take and use the Surname of Duppa only. That Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea and also bear the Arms of Duppa: And therefore pray- Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to Sixty-five, including Four thousand Two hundred

enable the Petitioner and his Issue Male to take and use Eighty-seven Marines.

the Surname and Arms of Duppa. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per. v ^?ant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen - ^Feter Burrell and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Qrd* the fame. ranee for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Hardingftone Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

and concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open agreed to by the House.

Cotton Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

acoure. comtnon Grounds, Lanes, and Wide Ground, within , That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

the Manors and Parish of Hardingftone and Cotton, io the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

County of Northampton; which Bill was, upon Wednesday consider of Ways and Mean? for raising the Supply last, read a Second Time, and committed; granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty And then the House adjourned till To-morro v

having been informed of the Purport of the laUl Bill, Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee of Supply*

Ways and Mean*

W

5 Geo. III.

2 30 Januarii.

S1

Mercurii, 2 30 ’Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1765.

P»AYIH>

('llRISTIJN James took the Oaths

appointed, in or^ier to fm Naturalization.

shinDenhaon, Sir Robert Long reported from the Cofnmittee, to dy* whom the Petition of tiic Bailiff and Burgesses of the Bo-e *’ rough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, the Stewards and Burgesses of the Borough of Caine, in the same County, the Bailiff of the Town and Lordship of

sham, in the same County, and the Gentlemen, Trades-men, and other principal Inhabitants, redding in and near the said Towns and Boroughs, and elsewhere, within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham North, and Lordship ol Cqrsham, in the said County of Wills, was referred* That, the Committee had examined the Matterof thajfrid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, «5 it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arAtis a*- followeth; viz.

To prwe the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Sfarfc, Bailiff, said, That there is a very extensive Manufacture carried on within the said Hundreds and Places, which emplqys a great Number of Persons, many of whom frequently contract ftnall Debts, which they neglect or refuse to pay, and that Creditors are frequently discouraged from Cuing for the same in the.ordinary Courts of Law, on Account of the Difficulties and Expences attending the fame; and that a more easy Method of recovering ljnall Debts within the said Hundreds would be advantageous to the Inhabitants.

A Member present confirmed the above, Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tfljp H«ofe easy and speedy Recovery of final! ADebts within the Hundreds of , Caine, and Damer-

ham North, and Lordship of Cor sham, in the County of Wilts: And that (Sir Robert Mr. Long, and Sir Edward Bayntun, dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rverlneti*»

inclosure.

A Petition -of William H Cenjlable Esquire, Ibrd of the Manotfbf Evering, in the- County of

York, and Edward ^tmjpton. Rector of the Rectory of Everingham aforesaioT was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Township of Everingham aforesaid there are several Moors of Carrs, Parcels of Waste Ground, Open Common Fields, and Parcels of Meadow Ground, called The lugs, containing together 1606 Acres and 23 Perches of uninclosed Lanu, or thereabouts; and that the fame, if divided and indofed, and specific Shares thereof ai* lptrcdptak the said William Haggerston Constable apd ' ward mhmpton, whp are the only Proprietors or Owners

of Lands in the said Manor and Township, would be very useful and convenient: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields and logs, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York, and fot other Purposes in the Petition mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Sit George Montgomery Met ham and Mr. Hewett do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Mr. CharlesjToivn/bend of Yarmouth presented to the Donntnyton House, according *0 Order, a Bill for dividing and in- IncMw doling the Open ‘ Commons, Common Fields, Meadows and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Donmngton, in the Parish of Siow on th0 Wald, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Luder Lang was read the Third Time. Nau

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Be, An Act for naturalizing Luder Lang.

Ordered, That Mr. Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Doctor Hay, from the Commissioners for executing n«vy the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , pro* Debt* fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Rood the 31st of December 1764.

And the Title of the said Estimate was lead.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

4 '

H.

’ A

J

Vol. 30*

5*

Navy Office* ? 14th January 1765.

230 Januarii.

A. 1765.

A n ' E 30f IM A T E of the DEBT of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, as it flood on 31st December 1764.

HEADS of the Naval Estimate*.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof - -

To pay off and discharge Bills registere<#6h the said Couife, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1764; as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an JEstablishment nude by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men, &c, unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off - To Ships in Sea-pay on the afo^efajStJ 31st December 1764 To discharge and pay off all the BHls entered in Course, for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts,; - '

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1764 -

For Necessary Money, Extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - - - -'

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Office -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Four million One hundred Ninety-five thousand Two hundred and Nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings A and Eleven Pence -

iprom whence deducting the Money in the')

Treasurer’s Hands - - / as on the other

And also the Money that remained to come f Side in of the Supplies - - - - J

I:

The Debt will then be Three mi^on Nine hundred Twenty-six thousand Nine hundred and fi^bn Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports between

the 1 ft January 1764 and the 31st December following And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift January 1764 and the 31st December following, amounts to ——

Particulars.

S. d.

1,747,44s 5 -3

45,333 4 9

78,812 6 0

280,263 0 o-

52,216 *4 3

.798,518 7 9

47 *,45* *3 7

46,417 5 9-

*7,554 9 3

594,7 i2 1 0

9,190 0 1

6,595 18 10

16,902 7 10

132,617 9 11$

*35.676 17

Total.

s.

2,204,073 10

24,332 16 3

11,707 19 8

For which Sum of £. 36,040. 15. 11. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Sendee was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be, Three million Eight 1

hundred Ninety thousand Eight hundred Seventy-four Pounds > -Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence - - - -J

*>317*387 7 *'

644.994 *7 *6

28>754

4,195,209 14 n

268,294 7 2

3,92^,915

36,040 15 it

3,890,874 11 10

G. Cokburne, Tho. Slade. IV. Bately. E. Mason, T. Brett. R. Osborne. Bateman. R. Temple.

Memorandum

g

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

CD

O

Memorandum sThere was remaining, in the Hands of the late and present Treassurers of the Navy, on 33 ft December 1764, in Money, as undermentioned, and may be reckoned {Jr

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

Itt what Treasurer'i Hands.

Right HonM*

George Dodingto Esq.

1 ft Treasurership.

Right Honkk Henry Legge, Esq.

Right HonM* George Grenville, Esq. jft Treasurership.

Right HonM* George Dodington, Esq. 2d 'rreafurership.

Right HonMe George Grenville, Esq. 2d Treasurership.

Right Honw* William Lord Viscount Barrington,

IN MONEY.

I 10

f De

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

7 In Money

i D

>* towards the Debt for Sick. and Hurt Seamen

i*.

? In

is

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

Money -

towards the Debt for Sick ancf Hurt Seamen -

Money - -

D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

!s

Money - -

0 towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

— m; - On THf Heads of

Wear and Ordinary, and Transpons. Seamen '$ Wages.,) Victuah.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ r. d

m m m - 2,227 1 7* l>539 12 10 i 47 6 io£;

~ ~ - - " - 80 l7 9 k - - - 1

6,309 15 2 2,613 2 — 13 ]

- - - - 55 15 5 - . - 1

4>°37 7 H 2,711 a 3f 1.778 14 IO i

m 0* " — — 37 »4 3 "* ' - - 1

6,736 10 z\ 2,699^ 3 563 9 8

2.87 ii 9- Y A

10,524 7! 7f74<3 4 7l 10,057 3

- - - - - 664. 8 n - - _ __ 1

- - 30,881 3 4 19,663 — 8 18,251 3 ici i

m m ~ " ~ - " 1,608 4 — i - - _ ]

60,715 19 1 39>7°° *7 9 32,200 !-3

O

tfl

O

TOTAL.

£,si d. 3,894 19 if

| 10,481 6 6J

18 7

oc

,286 14; 8-1 Si

J 7o,

403 U: 1

132,617 9,1 if.

There remained, on 31st Deumber 1764^ to come in, from the Exchequer;.of the Supplies of the Year 1764, including Stouehouse Hospital - £. 135,676. 17. 2

1

(TV

DistreflTcd

Debtors,

Dit’O.

Accounts; Silk.

Accounts

Woollen

Manufacturei.

Account; Discovery of the Longitude.

Ways and Meant*

S4 3 3 JanuariL

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, ing hext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to be perused by the Menft>ers of the Hqijfe. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiL-

.. _ ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the popr uhhappy Debtors confin&d in the Gaol of the County of Durham, in behalf of them- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer selves, and many other poor distressed Prisoners in the House, that their Address of Monday last (to return the toArfdrefsj said County; And also. Unfeigned Thanks of this House for His Majesty’s most h

A Petition of the most deplorable and unfortunate gracious- Message; and to represent to His Majesty, nouers* Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of the County that having taken into Consideration the State and Na- . of Stafford, in behalf of themselves and other Prisoners ture of the Accounts communicated to this House by in the several Gaols within the said County: His Majesty, and the Difficulties and Defey which mu ft.

Were severally prefen^ed to the House, and read; necessariiy attend a complete Liquidation of them, this complaining of their Distress, and praying lie- House is humbly of Opinion, that it will be most ad-lief. ' vilable for His Majesty to accept the Pioposal contained

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie in ,the Declaration made by the French Ambassador, upon ths Table. for the more l'peedy Satisfaction of His Majesty’s De- -

tnands upon Account of the Subfittence arid Mainte-Ordered, That there bp l^id befeye this House, an Ac* napee of the French Prisoners of War) had been precount of the Quantity of Haw ana Thrown Silk import- fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased ed into England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 17">3 to receive the same very graciouilly, and to say, He would,

distir.guishing from what Countries, with the Amount give the proper Orders for figtiifying to the Court of . of the Duty paid thereupon. Francs, His Acceptance of the Proposal contained in the

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an French Ambassador’s Declaration.

Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk exported from England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply. 1763; distingujfhir^g to whit Countries, with the to r'efolve itself into a Committqe of the whole House, to.

Amount of the Drawback thereupon. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; /

Ordered, ThaTthere be laid before this Hpufe, an Ac- Ordered, 'fhlt the Estimate' of the Charge of the count of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks im- Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces ported into England from Christmas 1758 to Christmas in Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1764 to the 1763; distinguishing from what Countries, with the 24th December 1765, both Days mefulive, being 365

Amount of the Duties paid thereon. Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ordered, That the Estimate iof the Charge of His count of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silkq e$- Majesty’s Fqrcfs in the Plantations, including those in ported from England, from Christmas 1758 to ChristmasGarrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th

1763; distingqishing to what Countries, with the cember 1764 to the 24th 705, both Days m-Amount of the'Drawback paid thereupon.' elusive, being ‘365 Days, be referred to the said Com-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an An- mittee. count of the Quantity of British, made Silks exported, Ordered, That the 'Estimate of the Charge of Cental together with the Bounty paid upon the fame, from and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1763, be Chrifmas 1758 to Christmas 176^; distinguishing {o refqrrqd to the said Committee.

what Countries the same have beenN exported. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Dif-

ference of Pay between the British and Irish Establish-Ordered, That there be laid before this' House, an ment of Five Regiments of Foot, serving at Gibraltar,

Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures ex- Minorca, and the Ceded Islands^ for 36^ Days, from 25th ported from England to Italy and Turkey, from Christmas December 1764 to the 24th December 1765, botjh Days 1758 to Christmas 1763 j distinguishing each Country, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee, and each Year. Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Half-pay in Great with an Estimate of the

count of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer Charge thereof, for die 'Year 1765, be referred to the of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to several Acts of Par- laid Committee.

liament made with regard to the making Experiments Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allow-of Proposals for discovering the Longitude. ances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of

the Two Troops of Horse Gqards and Regiment of

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hopfe Hopfe reduced, and un, to the superannuated Geqtlemet* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Yeas 1763, to consider of Ways and Meaiis for raising’the Supply be referred to the said-Committee, granted to His Majesty, be now read* Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such ijeduced

And the said Order being read accordingly; Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines,

The House relblved itself intp the said Committee, who died of tlje Establishment of Half-pay in Great Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th '

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Com- of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge; mittee. thereof, for the Yeat 1765, be referred to the said Com-.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. mittee.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit- O> That the Estimate of the Charge of tjhe Out-tee. That they had come to a Resolutiop; which they Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1765, be re-liad directed hini'to report, when the House will please ferred to the said Committee.

to receive the same. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the;

Ordered, That-the Report be received Tomorrow Su.bfidies dye to the Duke of; Brunswick, purfpant to.

Morning. Treaties, for the Year 1765, be referred to the £ai<4 Com--

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, also acquainted the House, mittee. that he was directed by the Committee to move, that Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Ma-they may have Leave to fit again. jesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunfvdck, concluded

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- and signed at Marptcrg the 14th of January 1760, and 18 Trapfiation,

5'Geo. lit; 2 30 — 24° Janudrit. 53

Translation, which were presented to the House upon for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part the 15th Pay of April i"]6o, be referred to the said of the Parish of to in the County of

Committee. v Essex j and from Chelmsford in the said County, to Rid*

Ordered, That the Copy of the Ulterior Convention burg, in the County of Suffolk; and from 'between His Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Bntnf- to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from wick, concluded and signed at Paderborn, March5th to Lang ham, in the same County; and for repair ingot her 176a, and of the Declaration thereto annexed, and Roads adjoining to the same Roads; and also of several Translation, which were presented to the House upon other Personsj Inhabitants of the County of Essex , was the j jth Day of April 1760, be referred to the said presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Committee, the Monies which have arisen by virtue of the said Acts

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration, referred to have , been duly applied according to the Directions in tire Ulterior Convention between His Majesty and thereof, and that great Progress hath beeft made in the Duke of Brunswick, signed at Paderborn, March 5til amending the said Roads; but that the same cannot be 176.0, and Translation, which were presented to the effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the House upon the 15th Day of April 1760, be referred to Terms and PoWers of the said Acts am further continued the said Committee. and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His and that the Roads leading from the North Bridge Majesty and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg, in Colchester, to the present Tternpike Road in concluded and signed at Brunswick, the 10th of August don, and from the 49th Mile Stone in through

.1761, and Translation, which were presented to the House Halfted, to the present Turnpike Road in Hedingham upon the 4th Day of December 1761, be referred to the Bible, and from High Garrett, in the Parish of Backing, jfeid Committee. through the Town of Haljltd to Bulmer Tye and from

Ordered, That the Ultimate of the Charge of the Of- the Guide Post in Mcrks to the present Turnpike free of Ordnance for the Year 1765 — Land Service, be Road in Braintree, and the Road through the Parishes of referred to the said Committee. Langham and Deadham to Stratford Bridge; and from

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Head Gate by Saint Giles’s Church, through Maudlen mittee. Street to the Hith Bridge in and from Malden

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. to Braintree, through Wickham, Witham,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Com- Faulkbount, While and Black; and from the West lnittee. End of the Turnpike Road in Sible Hedingham, to the

JVIr. Speakerrelumed the Chair. East End of the Town of in the County of

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit-; and Sum Margaret ting to Malden, through Great

tee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which Baddow > and from the White Hart in Mousham, to the they had directed him to report, when the House Will Blacksmith’s Shop over-agaitift the Charity School ia pleaseto receive the same. Baddow aforesaid, in the County of Essex; are become

Ordered, That the Report be received To-raorrow very ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended, wi-Morning. dened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and amend* they may have Leave to fit again. ing and rendering more effectual the said Acts, and for

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- repairing the said last mentioned Roads, in such Man* ;ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall

Souse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His seem meet, ajplty. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they' do exa-» And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Morning, Nine of the Clock. appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Maynard, Mr; tiewett, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Longi Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hemiker, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Whitworth, General Howard, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mr. Touchet, Mrs Byde, Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Holt, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Parc her, General Honeywood, Sir Roger Mr. Wood,

Mr. Edmoq/lone, Sir William Baker, Sir. George Met hath, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fownshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynafttm, Jaquery'a A/T R- Touchetpresented to the House, according to Mr. , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

(and other*) XVJL Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Elias Jaquery, Gray, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Rebow, Sir Nau feter Samuel Darbonnier, Darnel Henriod, John James Mr. Luthtr, Mr. Douglass, Captain Nugent, Mr, Ofvald, and John Francis Anthony Rivax: And the same Staunton, Mr. Gascoyne Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

yras received; and read the First Time. Bacon-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties

Aefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.. of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the VackHeath Mr. Fairfax presented to the House, according to Or- Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

matt Debts. <^er» ' Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Papers, and Records.

small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley, and Beckenham, of Rookefley, otherwise Ruxley, Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Com* and ox Little and Lejfness, in the County of Kent: And mittee; to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the $he same was received; and read the First Time. Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Meadows, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground*

within the Manors and Parish of Hardsngftone and -Sheffield, A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution ton, in the County of Northampton, was committed. Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth of King. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of George the First, and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Vol. 30. the

Jovist 24° die Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III. U Regis, 176^.

Hard ingfi one ana Cotton tnclosure*

56 24* Januariu A. 1765.

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committft^ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and* then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*

grofied.

West cote A Petition of the Molt noble George Duke of -

Inclosure. rough. Lord of the Manor of in the County of

Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet and Tything of Weficote, in the Parish of , which are of small

Advantage to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of, Improvement; and alledging, that if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be acohsiderable Improvement to their respective Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Glynne, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Chatteris Lord Charles Greville Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms Earith of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for Road. repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to Bridge,

at Somersham Town's End, in the said County; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge aforesaid, over Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the White Hart, in the Sheep Market, in Saint Ives;and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through to Earith, in

the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Blondeau’s A Petition of William Nevil Blondeau, was presented Name. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the Third and Fourth of January 1765, made upon the intended Marriage of the Petitioner with Elizabeth Hawkins, Spinster, the Manor of Tickjord, in the County of Bucks, and other Estates in the said County, were settled and limited to the Petitioner for Life, with several Remainders over, in which Indenture of Release is a Condition, that the Petitioner and his Heirs Male should, when they should be respectively intitled to the said Manor and Estates, use the Surname of Hart only, in Default whereof the said Manor and Estates should go to the Person or Persons who, by virtue of the said Release, would be intitled thereto; and that the said Marriage was accordingly had, and the Petitioner is in possession of the said Manor and Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his issue to take and use the ‘ Surname of Hart only.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Serjeant Hewitt and Mr. Hetvett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fuller presented to the tloufe, according to Or- Offices der, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to p qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants,

Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within tie Time limited by law; and for giving further Time Lx those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petit ion of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His frlftirfled Majesty’s Gaol in the Castle of Lincoln, in behalf of Debtor*, themselves and many other Prisoners within the several Gaols in the County of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Poor distressed Prisoners for Debt Ditto, in the Gaol of the County of Montgomery, in behalf of themselves and the other poor distressed Prisoners in the several Prisonswithin the said County: And also,

A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners, whose Ditto. Names are thereunto subscribed; confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt Ditto, in the Gaol of the County of Berks, in behalf of them* selves and many other Prisoners in the several Gaols within the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read: Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whorrf Wartham the Petition of the Gentlemen and others, whose Names Ro*di. are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Dorset, residing near, and usually travelling the High Roads therein after mentioned, lying within tire said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said- Petition, Mr.

Oliver being examined, said. That the several Roads leading from the Town of Wareham, in the County of to and through the several Places described in the Petition, by Reason of the Narrownels in some Parts, and of several steep Hills and stony Rocks, are very inconvenient, and, on Account of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, are, in many Parts thereof, become ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers and Carriages; and that the said Roads cainnot he effectually widened, amended, and kept in Repair, by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

The above Evidence was confirmed by several Members present at the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market in the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. John Pitt, Sir Robert Long, and Mr. Dr ax, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Christopher Goulton, Esquire, Lord of the Antkbnrougir Manor of Auckborough, in the County of Lincoln, Impro- nc 0 ure' priator of the Tythes of Com and Hay, and an Owner of several Messuages, Cottages, Sites of Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of -borough aforesaid, and also Lefl'ee for the Remainder of a Term of Twenty-one Years, under the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Peterborough, in the "

County of Northampton, of other Messuages and Tenements,

V

5 Geo III. 240 yanuarit.

Kipping’s

Crof*

Road.

merits in the same Parish; of William Metcalfe, Clerk, the Vicar of the Parish Church of aforesaid, and

others whose Names are subscribed, Owners of or otherwise interested in the Lands and Grounds therein mentioned} was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish, certain open and uninclosed Parcels of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground, called Aukborough Field, Two other Parcels of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground, called Sandfield, and Bonding, and Two other uninclosed Parcels of Mea-

dow or Pasture Ground, called The lugs, and the Common, containing in the whole 2000 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, are capable of very little Improvement, and, in many Respects, are attended with Disadvantage and Inconvenience to the several Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Division and Inclosure of the several Lands and Grounds above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fairfax, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, through the Parishes of Horsemon-

den and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of I den Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wiljley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooie-, and also a Cross Road leading out of the aforesaid Roads at Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, into the aforesaid Turnpike Road at Stile Bridge in Marden aforesaid} and the Lane or Road leading out of such Cross Road at Utiderden Green, to /huts Green-, are, in many Places thereof, very ruinous and narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, under such Regulations as to the House Lhall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Sandys, Mr Byde, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Upton, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gore, Sir George Totige, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Gray, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Touenshend, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Ridley, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Plu Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Onslow, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mi lies, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Pjgot, Lord Bateman, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hume, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Cocks, Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Mr. , Mr. Ward and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Surrey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fencl for Persons, Papers, and Records.

of the same Company, hath a Right to vote at the General Courts held for the Choice of Directors, and for other Affairs of the said Company; and that at a General Court of the said United Company, lately held, it was recommended to the Court of Directors to apply to Parliament, to obtain a Law, that no Proprietor shoukl be intitled to vote at any 'General Court of the said Company, unlefe he or she should have been in Pofiession of a sufficient Qualification for that Purpose, at least Four Calendar Months next preceding the holding of such General Court, or unless such Proprietor should become qualified within the Time before mentioned, by Representation, Bequest, or Marriage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose mentioned in tire said Resolution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Boulton, Mr. Sudvan, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Thomas Walpole, iand Sir George Colebrooke, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Moneyas have been collected, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway: And that they do report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Dowdef well. Lord Orwell, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Milles, Mr. Phmptre, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr. Saudys, Mr. Gore, Colonel Barri, Mr. Calvert, Lord Bateman, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Rigby, Lord Midleton, Mr. Ryder, Sir George Amyand, Lord John Cavendtfli, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle,

Mr. Fitzmaurice, General Conway, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

JDyfon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir George 'Savile, Sir Roger Mof+ tyn. Lord Gather lough, Mr. Alderman Betkford, Sir John Glynne, Sir Henry iLrfkine, Mr. Jackson, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Pye, Sir Charles Sir

Charles Bunbury, Mr. Townshend, Mr Lascelles, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Gray, Mr. , Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Strange, Mr. , Mr.

Hume, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Webb: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records and all wh© come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Ihevving how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1763 and the 31st of December 1764, has arisen-} distinguished under the several Heads of Expence.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing what Part of the Debt of the Navy was carrying Interest on the 31st Day of December 1764.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House/ an Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1763 to the 31st of December 1764, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what mustered in the Service.

Highways t Appl;cation of Money.

Account Navy Debt-

Ditto,

Account;

Seaman.

Voting at A Petition of the Court of Directors of the United East India Company of Merchants of England trading to the East* was presented to the House, and read} Setting Courts. forth, That by the said United Company’s Charter, granted by his late Majesty King William the Third, each of the Members thereof, having the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or more. Share or-Interest in the Stock1 VOL..30.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, re- Supply, ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was Lead} and is as followeth; viz.

Q Resolved,

Sorply Bill; Malt f>at:csf &c»

Supply.

58 24® — 250 Januarii. A. 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- hundred and Sixty-five.

jesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, Refo, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

which, by an Act of Parliament of the Fourth Year of That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Nine thousand

His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the One hundred and Seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings

24th Day of June 1765, be further continued and and Four Pence, be granted to Uis Majesty, upon Ac-

charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all count, towards defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners

Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder of Chelsea Hol'pital, for the Year One thousand Seven

and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the King- hundred and Sixty-five.

dom of Great Britain (tom the 23d Day of June 1765, Ref, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the 24th Day of June 1766. That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, and Sixty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the the Paying of Pensions to the Widows of l'uch reduced House. Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re- died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great -solution: And that Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Jen- tain, and who were married to them before the Twenty*' kinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and North, Sir John ‘Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harris of Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Christ Church, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Ge- Sixty-five, neral, and Mr. IVkateley, do prepare, and bring in, the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fame. , That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-five

thousand Six hundred and Six Pounds Twelve Shillings Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, report- and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Ac-ed from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it count of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land tvas referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had hundred and Sixty-five.

directed him to report to the House; which he read in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hun-

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. dred Sixty one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thou- Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private land Six hundred and Twenty-eight Invalids, amount- Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and ing to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Twenty- Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the i'uperannuated one effective Men, Commission and Non-Commission Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for Officers included, be employed for the Year One thou- the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, land Seven hundred and Sixty-five. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seventy-Thata Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Eight thousand four thousand Six hundred and Seventy-three Pounds.

One hundred and Thirty Pounds Ten Shillings and Se- Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Ma-ven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the jesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Charge of Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Twen- Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and ty-one effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Sixty-five.

His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Jersey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Five and Sixty-five. hundred and Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings and Sc-

Refobved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, yen Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for def raying the That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-seven Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ord-thousand Five hundred and Two Pounds Three Shil- nance for Land Service, and not provided for by Par-lings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His liament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four.

Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Gar- The said Resolutions being severally read a Second rifons in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces agreed to by the House. in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar,

and the Ceded Islands, for the Year One thousand Seven Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Amy; hundred and Sixty-five. for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and that Diction. That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and Forty-six Pounds, Three Shillings and Five Pence, and bring in, the fame, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Five Regiments of Foot, lervingat Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Hlands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Three hundred and Forty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and O IR Robert Long presented to the House, according Chjppenhwa Nine Pence and Seven-elevenths of a Penny, be granted to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- &c.

to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to delray the covery of linall Debts within the Hundreds of Chip- Saial* Debt'?. Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of Brunswick, penham, Caine, and North, and LordfhiD of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 250 die januarii;

Anno 5° Georgii III‘,rRegis, 1765.

Geo. III. 250 januarii. 59

Ccrsham, in the County of Wilts: And the fatne Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trullees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham j and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretkam Ferry, in the County of Cambridge-, and of divers other principal Inhabitants of Stretkam, kam, Witchford, Littleport, and Places adjoining; was

.presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trullees have, in pursuance of the said Act, laid out great Sums of Money, and made a very considerable Progress in the said Work, and have built a substantial Bridge cross the River Ouze at Stret ham Ferry aforesaid; but that the Continuance of the Read from the said Bridge, between E/ford Closes on the Right Hand, and Breach Clojes on the Left, over the Top of the Hill in the Fields of Stretkam, and from thence leaving the Mills and Town of Stretkam on the Right Hand, to the South End of Braham Lane, being the Tract prescribed by the said Act, is not the nearest Direction; and it is found, that Travellers are greatly annoyed and endangered by passing very near one of the said Mills; and that not only the Distance from the said Bridge to Braham Lane aforesaid would be considerably shortened, and the said Annoyance avoided, but that it would be in many Respects more convenient to the Inhabitants both of Stretkam and Haddenham, between which the present Tract lies, if the Trullees were enabled to divide the Road into Two Branches, separating soon after the passing over the said Bridge; the one to be conducted through the Gate already erected between the Common and the Fields of Stretkam, up to the first House in Wilbur ton, late in the Occupation of Mr. George Farrin, deceased, in the Way to Haddenham-, and the other Branch by a Gate to be erected somewhat more to the Right, between the same Common and Fields, to and through the Town of Stretkam; and from thence, agreeable to the present Direction to Braham Lane aforesaid; and that the Petitioners conceive,

- that it would also be of general Utility-,- if Power was given to extend the Repair of the Road from Buggs Pond, in Ely, to a Place called Gibbet Hill, in the Parish of Sutton, including a very short Branch, inclining from Witchford Bridge, towards Grunty and also from Lamb Corner to Littleport; and from thence, by Little-port Plains to the Bank of the Hundred Feet River, in the said County of Cambridge; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for changing a Part of the present Direction of the Road therein described, and extending the Repair to the other Branches thereof, therein before mentioned, with such increased dr additional Tolls, and under such Regulations, as shall appear necelfiuy for attaining those Purposes, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Cotton, Mr. Al-

derman Dickinson, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Sandys, -Sir George Tonge, Mr. Fitzmauri Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Webb, Mr.

Shuttleworth , Mr. Harbord, Sir William Meredith, Colo-

nel Bar re'. Sir fan it Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr.' Jackson, Mr. Byde, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sir

William Baker, Mr. Ourry, Mr. , Mr. Henniker,

Mr. Holt, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gray, Mr,

Vo L. 30.

jhend. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Waller, Sir George Mr. Cust, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Hales,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir William Maynard, Mr: Onslow-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Lincoln-, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,’ in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in the Parish of Bretfertorl, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie open and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated; and that it would tend to the Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, if the said Lands and Grounds' were divided and inclosed, and Allotments made to the Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein j according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Edward Winnington, and Mr. Ward, do’

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholdefs, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties 01 Kent and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, through Se and Weflerham, in the said County of Kent, and Oxted, in the said County of Surrey, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the said County of Surrey, is in a very ruin- % ous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in good Repair, the said Road, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exaJ mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sackville, Mr; Burrell, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fonereau, Sir George Tonge, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Townshend, Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Gore, Mr. White, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Mr. Webb, Mr

Sandys, Mr. Holt, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hot ham, Mr.-Befl, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Shuttlnvorth, Mr. Brand, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ongtey, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. kinson, Mr. Barr I, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Gray, Sir George Savile, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Willy, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Alderman Dickinson-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Surrey -, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the Turnpike Road leading from Penn bin, in the Parish of Whitt Church Canonicorum, in the County of , through Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, commonly called Axminster Turnpike; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, living in and near the Towns of Honiton, Axminster, Custompton, and Ottery St.

Mary, in the said County of Devon -, was presented to

the

Bretferton

Inclosure.

Wrotham

to

GodftoM

Road.

Penn Inn Road.

2 5° jfcmuarH.

A. 1765.

the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain In* trenchment on Aflcerfwell Hill, and other Roads therein mentioned, the Road from Penn aforesaid, to the East

End of the said Town of Honito*, is greatly improved, and rendered very commodious; and the said Commissioners have borrowed Part only of the Money they were empowered to raise by the said Act j*and further*letting forth, that the Road from Setter Lane End, at the East End of the Town of Axminfleras far as Gate, at the End of Hawkchurch Dawn, in the County of

Dorset { and also the Road from aforesaid, to-

wards the City of Exon, as tar as the Branch of the Lime Turnpike Road leading from Ouery Saint 'Mary aforesaid to Straightway Head, in the said County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Gittisham, tery St. Mary, and Talleton, in the said County of Devon, is, in many Places, founderous, uneven, inconvenient to Travellers, and comparatively bad, which said last mentioned Road is the only Piece of Road, from the City of London to the Land’s End, not 'made Turnpike; and that tfre Amendment of the skid Roads may be effecded by a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds; but which the said Parishes, under the Provisions by Law, are not able to.raise; and that the Road from the Workhouse in Honiton through Northtoit Lane, in the said Town, through Awlifcombe, Buckerell, Peahembury, Broadhembury, Kentif-

beer, and Part of the Parish of to the Tiver-

ton Turnpike Road ending in the said Town of Custompton; and also the Road through Shipley; in Honiton, adjoining to the Great London Road leading from Ax-minfltr to Honiton aforesaid, to the Potters Kilns there; and from thence, through the Town of Honiton aforesaid, to a Place called The Hamlet; and from thence. Over IVeriugstone Bridge, through the Parishes of Honiton, Buckerell, and Awlifcombe, to the Custompton Road near Awlifcombe aforesaid; and the Road from the End of Shipley Lane, near the said Potters Kilns, to Cheesewety Ashon Northcott Hill, in the said Parish of Honiton-, and likewise the Road from the London Inn, in Honiton aforesaid, by the Parish Church of Honiton, to a Branch of the Lime Turnpike Road near Roncombes Gurt, through the several Parishes of Honiton, Trarway, and Sidbury, in the said County; and the Road from the End of Star-cross Lane in Honiton, adjoining the Great Road from Honiton to Exeter, by Gobfore Hill, and lo on to the Branch of the Lime Turnpike Road, leading. from Roncombes Gurt aforesaid, to Oltery St. Mary aforesaid, through the Parishes of Honiton, Gittisham, and Sidbury, in the said County of Devon; and likewise the Road from the End of Holy Shut Lane, near the Potters Kilns in Honiton aforesaid, to Langford Bridge, and lb on to Ewing's Ash, and from thence to Gully Lane and Red-lane, home to the End of the Taunton Turnpike on Blagdon Hill, through the several Parishes of Honiton, Combrawleigh, Dunkefwell, Luppit, Upottery, C/eyhaden, and Churchtaunton in the said County; and also the Road from Sooney Bridge, in Honiton aforesaid, by Tracey, to the Top of St. Cyres Hill, through the Pari Hi of combe; are all so narrow, rough, and founderous, that they cannot be duly amended by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, amending, and new making the said last mentioned new Roads, and to erect Gates on the said respective new Roads, and receiving such Tolls thereat as may enable them to repair the fame, in such Manner, and in such Proportion, as to the House shall ieem meet and proper; and that the present Commissioners for the Axminster Turnpike may, by a Clause for that Purpose to be inserted in such Bill, be impowered to advance a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds, out of the Tolls arising from the said Turnpike, towards amending the said Roads from the Hamlet aforesaid to the Branch of the Turnpike

Road leading towards the City of Exeter, and also the Road from the said SeSlar Lane End to the said Gate 21

called Quandoes Gate, without subjecting the same to a Turnpike Gate; and that a further Term of Years may be added to the present Term now thereon, to reimburse them the said Sum; or that any other Equivalent may be granted them, which the House shall think fit and re&sonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Y Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Francis I'intent, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Milles, Lord Coleraine, Lord Mr. Dowdef-

well, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Walcot, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Foley, Sir George Savile, Mr. , Mr.

ton, Mr. Fktkerbert, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Harbord, Mr. White, Lord George SarkvUte,

Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Colonel Barr I, Mr. Lut, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gore, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Buller, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Touchet, Mr. Jackson-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and

Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Christian James Strackhoven Stnckhnrm'* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. ShiMr. Shaftoe, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fitz Lord George Sackville, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Buller, Mr,

Alderman Dickinson, Sir Robert L Mr. Parker,

Mr. Befl, Mr. MiUes, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Morgan, Sir George Yonge, Sir William Baker, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Harbord, Sir Henry Bridgman, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Holt, Mr. Maw-bey, Mr, Cust, Mr. Fairfax, Sir William Maynard, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Foley, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Mr. Byde: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Walter presented to the House, according to Great Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cufl presented to the House, according to Order, Bringing a Bill for extending the Time granted by an Act, ]>alied . Effcc,j . in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, province*, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Efflfts, being the Produce of certain Places ceded-to France and Spain by the la'e Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties ns tl»ey would have been liable to, if the fame’Places had remained in His Majesty’s Pofiession: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act hnportatio* for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and But-' p°ov?*"^s ter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, without any Amendment.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Officei qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to £n) ®n.^entt indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, m lJ>me" ’’ Officers of thei Militia, o?Nothe;s, who have omitted to

register

5 Geo. III. . Jitnud — 6t

register, lor deliver in, their Qualifications! within the Time 1 incited by Law; and for giving further Time for, those Purposes; was read a Second Time;

Reftolved, That the Bill be committed.

Reftolved, That the _ Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn, ing next, resolve itself into-a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill. , .,

AlHiallows A Petition of the Rector, Church Wardens, and print #n the Wal\ fcipai Inhabitants, of the Parish of Allhallows,

Church *n t^ie City of London, whose Names are thereunto fufcn scribed on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabric, and in so ruinous a Condition, that it is dangerous for the Inhabitants of the said Parish to resort thereto, to attend Divine. Service; and that, in the Opinion of able and experienced Workmen, the said Church cannot be fcffeftually repaired; but, for the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, it is absolutely necessary, that the same should be pulled down, and rebuilt; and that Martin Allyn, by his Will, dated the Second of January 1432, gave a House or Tenement, with a Gar-r den, adjoining to the Church Yard belonging to the said Parish, to the Rector of the said. Parish, and his Success fors for-ever; and the Rectors of the said Parish have from that Time lived in the said House, which is now become very old and ruinous; and that, in order to render the Passage to and from the said Church safe and commodious, it will be necessary to pull down and rebuild the said Hoole, and to purchase a small Spot of Ground adjoining to the said House, together with a Tenement and Shed now Handing thereon; and also two other small Pieces of Ground, for enlarging the Church ' Yard, and which is now Part thereof: but, as the Expence of rebuilding the said Church and House, and the Purchasing the said Spot and Pieces of Ground, and Tenement, will be too burthensome to be effected by the Inhabitants of the said Parish only: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a. Bill for rebuilding the said Church and House; and for purchase ing the said Pieces of Ground and Tenement; by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall fcem meet.-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred' to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

- And it is referred to Sir Robert , Mr. Wil-

loughby, Mr. Harley, Lord Midletm, Mr. Dowdeftwell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mr. Batrow, Mr. Rest, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mr. Townfthtnd, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lowndes, Sir William redith, Mr. Gajcoyne, Sir Sir Roger

gate, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Befi, Mr. Townftkend, Mr. Jones, Mr. Preftcot, Mr. Plumpt Sir Francis Mr.

Whichcote^ Mr.. Dray, Mr. Fizherbert, Mr Lord

t Coleraine, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Al-

>*' derman Dickinson, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Cnft, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Bntlcr, Srr William Baker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hot ham, Mr. Willys, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gray, Mr* Bootle, Mr. Major-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Midd’tcfex, Eft ex, Surrey, Hertford, , and

j Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tie Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for PeriifnS, Papers, and Records.

_r.

Army; Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according "y to Order, a' Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Delation. and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And -the same was - received; and- read the-Pirft Time.

VOL. 30.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs ofthfc City of London attended at the Door; they, were called in; and, at thfe Bar, piefentad to the House,

A Petition of the Court of Mayor and Ald'ennferi'dF the City of Londod.

And then they-withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Red ting? That by an High Price Act made in the Thirty-first.Ydar of his late Majesty, for o{ Whctr» the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and &c Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, Returns are required to be made Weekly to lhe said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by, the MeaL weighers of the said City, upon Oath, of the Prices which Wfieat and the several Kinds of Grain, Meal, and Flour, fit for Bread, fell for in the Markets of the said.

City; and the Assize and Price of Bread is, by the said Act, required to be, from Time to Time, let. by, the said Court of Mayor and Alderman, if fitting, of ty the Mayor of the said City, if the said Court should not fit, to be in Force for the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, .: : */ except as in the said Act is excepted; that, in pursuance of the said Act, such. Returns have been, from Time to Time, regularly made, upon Oath, by the Meal-weighers of the said City, and the Assize of Bread to take Place, and be in Force as aforesaid, hath been duly set by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, according to the said Act, and according to the R.ght and Custom of the City of London, and the Practice there ufrd to let the fame, that the Petitioners think it a Duty they owe to the Public, in the Exercise of this great Trust, humbly to represent to this House, that it appears to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by such Returns made upon Oath, that the Price of Wheat hath advanced gradually from the Tjme of the last Harvelt; and that, by the last Return made to the Mayor of the said City,-On Tueftday the 22d-of this instant January, the Price of

Wheat was from Forty-three to Forty-seven Shillings and Six-pence a Quarter; and that the Price of Bread is now higher than it has been at any Time, since the Act, under which the Assize is now set, was made; and that the Petition's have lleafon to fear that, as the Kingdom was much exhausted by the large Export of the last Year to Italy, Spain, and Portugal, and considerable Tracts of Corn Land suffered greatly by the excessive Rains in the last Winter, the Price of Wheat will still advance, to the Distress of the Poor, and to the Prejudice of the Manufacturers of this City and Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that the prohibiting the Exportation of Wheat and Flour for a Time, may be a Means of preventing this Evil: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Reftolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Comrhittee of the whole House, ioconsiderof the said Petition.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 32d Cattle Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the imported Second, intituled, An Act to permit the free importa- Tr;foV tion of Cattle from. Ireland, for a limited Time, might iQ be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Member, returned upon-a new Writ, having a Member taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara- takes Oaths, tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribe^ tire Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

R That

Distreded

Debtors.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties* fcc*

Supply.

Fkuel’f Nat.

62 25° — 28® Januatii, A. 1765.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

«* fcf * H »£;&.!

TeHen for theNo«>|J}j; 68.

.So it Was resolved in- the Affirmative.

Ordered, That M t. Nugent, Mr. Alderman

Mr. Rynaflon, the Lord Strange, and Mr. Gascoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the unfortunate Prisoners for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaof of the County Palatine o In behalf of themselves and the other poor unfortunate Debtors in the several Gaols within the said County, Was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Di ft refs; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

' Mr. Aldfemian Dickinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain-Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, kfid Perry,-for the Service of the Year 1765: And the fatne was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a-Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and completing those set up in the late War, in private Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1765, be referred to the (kid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

l" Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Commit-’itee,; That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to Teport, when the House will 'please to receive-the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ' Mofni'ng- next.

c ‘ Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, thit he was directed by the Committee to move, that ’they may have Leave to fit-again.

Resolved,. That, this House will, upon Monday Morn- irtg" heXt, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyv* -"

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luttce^ 28° die Januarii;

-'" Anno 5* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

cyiOH N- William Plauel and Christopher Henry Baumer

/- took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization,

wr 4

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe-: CUtion an Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and Widening the Roads therein mentioned,-leading to and through the Towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelc/iejteriin the County of and also of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, living in and near the said Town of Shepton Mallet; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed Six thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Act, which hath been laid out in repairing the Roads, and remains now unpaid; and that it is impofflble to repay the said Money, and to keep the said Roads in Repair, during the Term granted by the said Act; and that the said Act has, in several other Particulars, been found defective; and that the Road at the End of the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Pitt on, to tonbury; and also the Road from, to, and through Shep-ton Mallet aforesaid, to the Parish of Leighton, leading towards Frame; and also the Road from Shepton Mallet aforesaid, to Long Cross Bottom, which joins the From Turnpike Road; are, in many places, ruinous and foun-derous: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and ‘owers granted by the said former Act, and for making the said Act more effectual, and for extending the same to the several Roads abovementionod.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys , Mr. Kynaston, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Coventry, Lord -fort, Mr. Parker, Mr. Glcner, Mr. Alderman Dickinson^ Mr. Luther, General Honey wood, Mr. Rigby, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Touchet, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Jackson, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Glynne, Sit

Charles Hardy, Mr. Su/ivan, Mr. Mawbey, Mr, Webb^ Mr. P ref cot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bur raid. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Glover, . Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Gore; Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tovsnshend,. Lord Carysfort; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Dorset, and Devon; And they are to meet- this Afternoon, at Five ;.of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pcffons,-' Papers, and- Records.

A Petition of David Francis Sapte and Peter Anthony Sapte wis presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Touchet and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring, in the lame.

A Petition of William Tumor Esquire, lately called William Ager, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Henry Tumor, Esquire, deceased, by his Will, dated the 28th Day of November 1760, gave and deviled several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, to the Petitioner for Life, Remainder to his First and other Son and Sons, and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Heirs and Assigns of the Petitioner for ever; and by a Codicil to his said Will, dated the Eighth Day of February 1762, did request and desire, that the Petitioner should, from and after his Decease, take upon himself, and be from thenceforth called, and use the Surname of Tumor only: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner and his llfue to take and use the Surname of Tumor.

Ordered,

SheptM.

Mallet

tkmin.

After*

Nwe»

Newton

hclosure.

Slondeau’s

PUi)er»

{*nd or^gs) Nat.

5 Geo. III.

a8° yantmrU.'

ft

' I

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- the said Committee; and that they do admit the Pe'ti-fu^t to tbk'Fr^yer of the Mi Petition! And that Mr. tionerinto the said Bill; if they think fit*," '*'’ £&ifr&A Gfeiafai pwttyujood do gft)>are» and bring in,: : .

the feme. '

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County' of SSuik-T

A Petition of Sharks Amcott Esquire, Lord of the Honor of Stowe and Wapentake of Wall, in the County of Lincoln, and Lord of the Manor of in the

amptotty whole. Names are thereunto subscribed, a presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That, the Roads, from the Quay of the Town of

Lymii'gtoo

to

Tottoo

Rwst.. t

said County, Parcel of the said Seigniory, and Lord of in the said County, through Lymington, to and throiWiif the Manor of a certain Moor, called the East Moor, in: , and from thence to the Road opposite-the the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the said County, on which Lyon Inn, at in the Parish of Eling, in the laid/

theinbabicants of Neifit on have Right of Common; John County of , are, in many Places, very narrow,;

Stowe, Esquire, Impropriator of the Redtory, and Patron and cannot, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law1,. of the Vicarage of the Parish jof Newton aforesaid; and be effectually widened, amended, and kept in Repair of George Nevill, Esquire, and several other Proprietors And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to" of, and Perl'ons interested in, the Open Arable Fields, bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in

Meadows, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in or belonging to the Township and Parish of Newton, and in the said East Moor in Kettlethorpe aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the respective Proprietors of the Open Ara-

Repair the said Roads, in such Manner aS to the House" Ihallfeem'meet. ‘ *’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exri-'. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,' as' it

ble Fields and Meadow Grounds in the said Township - shall appear to them, to the House: and Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are at pre- And it is referred to Mr. Mr. ,.'

lent incapable of any considerable Improvement; and Mr. Lord Harry Powlett', Sir John Sir

th&t, if Power was given to divide and inclose the said Charles Mr. Mr. ForreJUr,' Lord

Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, and the said Carysfort, Mr. Alderman General Honeyzvoodf

East Moor, and to make a Satisfaction to the Impropria- Mr. Mr. , Mr. Shi finer, Mr.

for and his Heirs, and to the Vicar and his Successors, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Mr. Best, Sit

for the Tythesof the said Parish of Newton at large, the George Mr. Wood, Mr. Bootle, Mr Mr._

feme would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of ail Sir Mr. Mr.

Parties interested: And therefore prayiqg, That Leave Mr. Tudway, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Tonge, Mr,

may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes afore. Montagu, Mr.. Mr. Lord

feid, in mch Manner, and with such Regulations, as the Mr. Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tewnjhend

House shall think proper. Sir Herbert Sir Alexander Grant, Sir William Map-

Ordered,.Th»t Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- nard, Mr. Luther, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mt,’

iqant to the Prayer, of the said Petition: And that Lord Mr. Mr. Mr. Parker, Lord1

Brownlow Bertie. and M*.. Fuller do prepare, and bring George Sir Charles Hardy, Sir George

in, the fame. ' ... ... . Grey, Lord Grey-, and all the Members who serve

. . .- for the’ Counties of Southampton, Dir Jet, Wilts, arid Pei

-Mt. Serjeant-Hew/ripresented to the House, accoriU ‘‘’wru'8 Afternoon at Five of

irrg to Order, a Bill jfoVnable William Nevill Blonde*,; the Gbck, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power Esqtlimvand his Issue, to takVand use the Surnarheof to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records., jfferr-.* And the same ! was received; and read the First

The House being informed that Mt.'Stefdbn, from the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the Rives Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Doort he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliaments i. A State of the Proceedings of the ..Commissioners for

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' ’A" Bill for naturalizing John William Plauel was read

a Second Time. ..... . ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir John

Glynne, Mr*. Lowndes, Sif Charts’Mor daunt, Mr. Ed- , ..... , . , _ mist<ne,.Sir Alexander Grant. Mr. Lawrence, Mt. KynaJ- bu,1?,ng Budge, from the 16th-Day of

ton, Mr: Bacon, Mt: Price, Mr Gore, Mr. Jackson, Mr. *^f763 to the 16 th Day of ly^inclusive-;

Jackson

Garth, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Coventry, Sir Walter Bagot, Lord’ Coleraine, Mr. Bagot, Sir Jarrit.Smith, - Mr. Befi, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Whichtote, Mr. fandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Parker, Mri. 'Scudamore,"Mr. Fuller, Mr Nugent, Sir George Tottge, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Sir Charles Kemys

Tynte, Mr. Aldtrmzn Beckford, Mr. Blatkstone, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Townshend Mr. ,’ Mr. Ryder,

Sir William Maynard, Mr. Glover, Mr. Cust, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Luther, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Sul'ruan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tl.e Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Jacob Nadal, and also the Petition of John James Lang, which were severally presented to the House upon Tuesday the 15th Day of

litis Instant January, and then ordered to lie upon the Jon, Gentleman Uflter of the Black Rod:

Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that they do admit the Petitioners into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of Christopher Henry Bau-mer, which was presented to the House upon this Day Seven-night, and then ordered to lie upon the Table Vntil the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to V01,. 30." ' " - '

WtftmSnfter

Bridge.

And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Cptntnilfione^s for building Westminster Bridge, from the xotb Day, of October 1763 to the 10th Day of October , I7'64; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of . Bridge Rents received, from 5th July 1763 to 5th July 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Books are preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus

Mr. Speaker,

The. King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended '.His Majesty, in the House of Peers; Where His Majesty

Was

Royal A (Tent to Bills*

64 2%*' Janu 1765*

was pleased to ghr<f the Royal Assent to the Public Bill Mr. Sir William Baker, Mr. Mr* Hi-

following; viz. ’: Mr. Townfield, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Maw*

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, bey, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr. Whichcot, Lord

- and Butter, from. Ireland, for a limited Time. Mr. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pennant, Mr.'

Gray, Mr. Calvert, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Kipphig’t Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Molyneux-, and all the Members who

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, lerve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Middlesex, Surrey,. and other Inhabitants of the County of Kent, was re-' and Southampton-, and for the Cinque Ports: And they ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Speaker’s Chamber, fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom . it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; the Bill for naturalizing Christian James was

and is as followeth; viz. committed, That the Committee had examined the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;. ffuffin, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Roads and that the Committee had directed him to report the leading from Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he

through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horfmonden, and Gotta- delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. hurst, by the Left Hand of Iden Green', to the Turnpike Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Road on Wi'sley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke -, and ....

from a certain Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons,

Parish of Marden, to a certain Bridge called Stile Bridge-, Common Fields, Meadows and Grounds, lying in the

and from a certain Place in Marden, called Under den Hamlet of Domington, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, Green, to Wanjhutt'sGreen, in the County of Kent; are in in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time. .' a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow That the Bill be committed to Mr. Claries

and incommodious; and cannoc be effectually repaired. Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Wader, _Mr.

*nd widened by the present Methods preferihed by Law. Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lord Midleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrard, Lord Cole-repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Mr. Buller, Mr. Grey-, Sir William'Beauchamp-.

Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parjfh of Breach- Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Witfon, Mr. Which*

ley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of cot-> Mr. Mr. Alderman v Mr.

Brenchley, Horfmonden, and Goudhurst, by \he Left Hand Mr. Plumer, Sir Jarrit Smith, Colonel Irwin, Mr.. Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wil/Iey Bagot, Sir Robert Long, Lord Norths Sir George Sevilev Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Mr. Southwell, Sir Charles Ktmys Sir Walter Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Mr. Brudenell, Lord Harry Powlelt, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Under den Green, in George Montgomery Met ham. Lor Mr. Kynaf*

Marden aforesaid, toWan/hull's Green, in the County of Mr. , Mr. Edmnftom, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kent; And that Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Fuller, and Sir Brook Gore, Mr. Ward, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Buller, Mr Bridges, dv, prepare, and bring in, the fame. Mr. Gray, Mr. Long, General Conway, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Hervey, Lord Granby, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Luther, Bkckheath, A Bill for the more eafvand speedy Recovery of Small Sir William Maynard, Mr. and all the Mem-

Small Debts. Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley bers who lerve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, -and Beckenham, of Rookefly, otherwise Ruxley, and of «fter, ax)& Oxford: And they are to meet this Afitcmoon, Little and Lefsness, in the County of Kent, was read a at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fairfax, A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mr. Maw bey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Fuller, the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Jackson, Mr. was read a Second Time.

Barrow, Mr. Calvert, Mr- Glover, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ward, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Luther, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Mr. Coventry, Mr. Grey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Shiffner, of the whole House.

Mr. Pye, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

Hewett, Mr. Willy, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Robert Long, ing next, rfefolve itself into a, Committee -of the whole Mr. Cholmleyi’M.r, Jennings, Lord BurgherJh, Mr. HeWett, House, upon the said BUh

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bulle

Mr. Parker, Lord Bateman, Mr. Lockhart; Mr. Long, A Petition of the Committee of Merchants and

Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Harry Powlelt, Sir George Traders withia the Port cl London, whose Names are Pococki and all the Members who serve for the Goun- thereunto subscribed, appointed to make a proper Ap-ties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Suffix; and for the plication for an Extenliori of the lawful and public Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Wharfs, in behalf of themselves and the said Merchants Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all and Traders, was presented to- the House, and read; who come are to have Voices. Setting forth, That, by an Act in the Full of Queen

Elizabeth, a Power is verted in the Crown to adign Wadhurst, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading arid appoint, by its Commission, some Open Place or Road frr;m Wadhurfi Town, in the County of Sufex, to the Places, for Keys and Wharfs, within the -several Ports Turnpike Road at Lamberhurff Pound and Pullen's Hill, of this Kingdom, only excepted, and restrain to . in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's the Place or Places so appointed the Shipping and Hill, through the Farilhes of llorfemonden, Marden, Landing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and Yalden, and West Farley, to a certain Place or Street; from Parts beyond the Seas; and that, by an Act in the called We{l Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, 14th of King Charles the Second, the King’s Ma-was read a Second Time. jesty may, from Time to Time, by his Commimon out

Reflved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fairfax, of His Court of Exchequer, artign and appoint further Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Rest, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Places for lawful Keys and Wharfs; and that the Pcti-Hewett, Mr Gore, Mr. Glover, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Kynaston, tioners have made their humble Application to the Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lewis, Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for a Mr. Harvey, Sir j hn Glynne, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Commission to artign and appoint some further Places Moraautit, Ms. Ryu a, Lo.d Orwell, Lord Catysfort, for lawful Keys within this Fort, under the Power granted

by

an

Stackhoren’s

Mac.

Domv’i'r,r,a-

Incl-./u. c.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion,

Port of

London

Wharfs.

Members lake Oaths.

African

Company.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties, &c.

U -VJL'

5 Geo. III.

28° Januarii.

65

by the said Act; and that their Lordships were pleased to determine that some further Extensionswerenecessary; and that a Space of Ground belonging to the Hospital of Saint Catharine, and lying between His Majesty’s

Brewhouse and Iron Gate Stairs, about 745 Feet in Length, would be a fit Place; and that,- in case the Proprietors did consent thereto, and at their own Expence put the said Ground into fit Condition for public Wharfs, their Lordships would recommend it to His Majesty that a Commission might issue for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners are desirous of making an ample Compensation for every possible Damage and Inconvenience to the Persons interested; but humbly apprehend, that the Difficulties which have arisen, and may arise, in the Prosecution of this Undertaking, cannot be lurmounted without the Aid of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and grant such Aid and Relief therein, as to them shall seem meet.

And several Members returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of their Qualifications, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Glover, Mr. Mr. Shifter, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Aufrer Sir Robert Long, Mr., Townshend, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Sir George Pocock, Mr. Alderman Lord George

Sdckville, Mr. Dowdesweil, Sir George IVavert, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Bacon, Mr* Mr. Bertie,

Lord Carysfort, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Nugent, Mr. wald, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Dyson, Mr. fVilkinson, Mr. De Grey, Lord Verney, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wood, Mr. Dela-val, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Lloyd, Sir George Savile, Mr. Skaftoe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. , Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Irwin, Mr. Wood, Mr. Clive, Lord Bateman, Dr. Mr. Brand, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Webb, Mr Mr.

Nix, Montagu-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who

come are to have Voices.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled. Anno 1763, The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1765, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 30.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account*;

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Silk. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing from what Countries, with the Amount of the Duty paid thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk exported from England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing to what Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon; And allb,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks im^rted into England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing from what Countries, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks exported ffom England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing to what Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Etates of enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corpo- Ecclesiastical rate, and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under Corporation* certain Restrictions therein to be limited: And that Mr.

Blackstone and Mr. Jackson do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Silk Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Wea- M*n"f"aure* vers of London. in Behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Silk Manufacture labours under great Discouragement from the Increase in the Use and Wear of French and other Foreign Wrought Silks imported into this Kingdom; and that by reason of this Discouragement, a great Number of Weavers in the Silk Manufacture have been, and still are out of Employ; and, unless some speedy and effectual Relief be obtained, the Masters will be under a Necessity of discharging many more; and that there is great Reason to apprehend that the Silk Manufacture will fall to Decay and Ruin, which has been brought to great Perfection, and given Employment to many thousands of H is Majesty’s faithful Subjects, who will be reduced to great Distress, or driven to go abroad to seek Employment, to the Detriment of the Public and Loss to the Revenue: And therefore praying the Hrtufe to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to give such Relief therein, as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that thby do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Cufi, Sir William Baker, Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Rice, Lord Barrington, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

Mr. Whateley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Males, Mr.

Blackstone, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Harvey,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jackson,

Mr. Edmonfione, Lord North, Mr. Mr.

Stephens, Lord Orwell, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Wood, Mr; Kynaston, Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Ward, Mr. Tuffnell, Colonel Barri, Mr. W'tlbraham Bootle, Sir George Amy and, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. Prefcot,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Shifter, Mr. Monson, Mr. Lewes, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir George Warren, Sir John G/ymte, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Robinfin, Mr. Montagu, Lord

S Coleraine,

a8° — 290 Januarii. ' 1765.

Coleraine, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wynne-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Marine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Forces, the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Dr. Hay, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di reded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Seven thousand Seven hundred Thirty-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, u That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Building, Re-buildings, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, Th^t they had come to a Resolution} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again!

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Oflfces. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indem-Empioyment*. njjy such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justice9 of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Mi-, litia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; Rnd lor giving further Time for those Purposes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die Januarii;

Anno 5" Georgii III*14 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

OHN Elias Jaquery, Feter Samuel Daniel

Henriod, John James Ofvald, and John Francis Anthony Rivaz, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to: Westcote Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open ladofure. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor,

Hamlet, and Tything of Westcote, in the Parish of Waddefdon, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bridport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir Gerard Napier, Baronet, de-cealed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New Sarum the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Julines Beckford Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names Wallingford are thereunto subscribed, for putting in execution an Act don

passed in the 25th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Real. Roads from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon-, and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County, who act for the Road leading from Wantage to Farringdon-, and also of the Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing on or near the said Roads leading from Wantage to Farringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, so far as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Wallingford to Wantage; and also for repairing the Road from down Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage-, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will be very, beneficial to.all Persons travelling from London to tage, and the Parts adjacent and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, so far

Everingham

Inclosure.

Pod! ngton Inciomre.

-.1. uMl,

5 Geo. III. 2 of Januarii.67

as the same relates to the repairing the Road from Manor and Parish, and, as Churchwarden of the said Wantage to Farringdon, and have borrowed a consider- Parish, was applied to in respect to Thirteen Acres of

able Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby Church Land intended to be inclosed, who refused to granted for repairing the said Road; but find the said sign the Bill, because his Brother desired him not; and Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Re- that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed, pair, and the Money now owing be repaid, unless the consists of Two thousand Four hundred Acres, or there-Term granted by the said Act be continued, the Tolls abouts; and that no Person appeared before the Com-increased, and the Powers thereof enlarged; and that, mittee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had soon after the Commencement of the said Act, a Gate gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments was erected on the Road leading from Wantage to thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Idson, and all proper Endeavours were used for carry- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-ing the Act into Execution upon the said Road; but wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Tolls collected'at the same were found to be so the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once very inconsiderable, that it became not only impossible read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; to borrow any Monies thereon, but ven to maintain and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, a Gate Keeper, and other Officers necessary for the with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by Purposes of the said Act; wherefore about Twelve Years the House.

ago the said Gate was removed, and nothing farther Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be has since been done in respect to that Branch of the ingrossed.

Road; that the Petitioners apprehend, that in same the

Term and Powers granted by the said Act should be A Petition of John Rickaby Esquire, Lord of the Manor Ulrome discontinued, in respect to the said Idson Road, and of Ulr, otherwise , in in the County Inclosure. the Tolls collected on the Road from Wallingford, to of York, and Owner of divers Cottages, Lands, Tene-Wantage, and from Wantage to Farringdon, were confo- ments, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor or lidated into One Fund, and put under the Management Township, the Reverend John Holme, Rector of Barm-of one and the same Set of Trustees, it would be very fori, and allb Curate of Ulrome, otherwise Owram afore-beneficial to both the said Roads, and the Inhabitants said, and Owner of certain Tythes and other Eccle of that Part of the Country: And therefore praying, fiastical Dues within the said Township of Ulrome, other-Thatr such Bill, so applied for, may be brought into the wife Owram, Gabriel Brooke, and Humphrey Brooke,

House, and may pais into a Law; and that Provision may Esquire, Sarah Cogdell, Widow, and others, whole be made in the feme, for continuing the Term and en- Names are thereunto subscribed, allb Owners of, or larging the Powers of the said Act, so far as the same otherwise interested in, divers other Messuages, Lands, relates to the repairing the Road from Wantage, to Far- Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Town-ringdon; and also for discontinuing the said Term and shipof , otherwise Owram, aforesaid, waspresented Powers, lo far as the feme relate to the repairing the to the House, and read; Setting' forth, That there are,

Road from Wantage to Idson; in such Manner, and by within the said Township, certain Open and Common such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem" meet. Fields and Grounds, reputed to contain about One thou-

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the fend Two hundred Acres; and alledging, that if the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of feme were divided and inclosed, and allotted to the fe-such of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act veral Owners, in Proportion to their respective Shares of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his and Rights therein, the mutual Benefit and Advantage late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act of the Persons interested in the said Township would be for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County greatly promoted: And therefore praying, That Leave of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon; may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County; as aft under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet, for the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage afore- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-feid, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr; of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to OJbaldeMr. Cholmley, Mr. and Mr. them, to the House. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Montgomery Methampresented to the House, A Petition of Henry Willoughby, Esquire, Lord of the Rothwell

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Manor, and Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Larid Inclosure. Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, lying in the Parish of Rothwell, in the County of in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the also Patron of the Rectory of the said Parish; and of County of York; and for other Purposes therein men- Robert Hewett, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish; and of tioned: And the same was received; and read the First Thomas Winship and Thomas Green, other Proprietors of Time.. Lands within the Parish aforesaid; was presented to the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said

Manor and Parish there are several Open and Common

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Fields, known by the Names of the North Field and the Bill fer dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- South Field, with other Open and Common Fields, as mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, well Arable as Pasture, containing together about Two and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and thousand Seven hundred and Six Acres; and a;.edging,

Parish of Podingion, in the County of Bedford, was com- that the said Lands lie intermixed, and, in their present mitted. That the Committee had examined the Allega- Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that if the tions of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and feme were divided and inclosed, it would be to the Ad-that the Parties concerned had given their consent to vantage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing Henry Wagflaffe, who is possessed of One hundred and and inclosing of the Open and Common Fields, in the

Eighty-four Acres and One Rood of Land, within the said Parish of Rothwell, in such Manner, and under such Manor and Parish intended to be inclosed, who refused Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, to sign the Bill, unless he might have ad the Land Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-allotted to him to lie in One Piece, but feid he would suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that not oppose the Bill; and also except Richard Wagflajfe, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Cholmley, and Lord Brownlow Bertie who is possessed of Six Acres of Laud within the said do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vox.. 30. Sir.....-

68 290 Januarii. A 1765.

M'lllen’s Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to Pond, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for reparing the High Roads leading from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, near Willoughby Bridge-, and from West to Anflow

Hill\ and from Amesbury to Fiddleton-, and from the New Inn in Amesbury to the End of the Parish leading to Durington; and from Wily to Cook’s House, and

ford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head-, and from thence One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of Wilts; and of several Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and merfet, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City, of Salisbury near Willoughby Hedge-, and from West Amesbury to Anflow Hill -, and from Amesbury to Fiddleton-, and from the New Inn in Amesbury to the End of the Parish leading to Durington; and from Wily to Cook's House and Land-ford -, and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head-, and from thence One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of Wilts; was read.

Mr. Francis Rolfe, Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees, produced several Accounts, by which it appears, that the Sum of .2,900 is now owing on the Credit of the said Act; and the net Annual Income of the Tolls, in the last Year, was no more than £. 144. 14. 7f. without making any allowance for the Surveyor’s Sal ary.

And being examined, he laid, That there is now more Money owing than was at the Time of making up that Account; and that it isimpollible to repair the said Roads effectually, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further enlaged and altered.

Mr. Richard Lever such being examined, confirmed Mr.

Rolfe's Evidence, in regard to the Impofiibility of repairing the said Roads, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further enlarged: And said.

That the Part of a Clause in the said Act, which re-llrains the Trustees from erecting any Gate between Mills Close and the House of Thomas Prior Tibbs, has been found very inconvenient.

That he knows the other Roads mentioned in the Petition; that they are, in general in a ruinous Condition; jn many Parts narrow and incommodious; and that they cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullen’s Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the said Turnpike Road to Fifty Yards beyond the Blacksmith’s Shop at Littleton-, and from the said Turnpike Road to Mr. Jennen's Well, and to V Lane, at Chalder-ton, and from thence to Mullen's Pond -, and allb a Lane called Applejhaw Lane, leading out of East Chalderton, to the Andover Turnpike Road: and that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Ridley, and Sir Edward Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Chippenham \ Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small SmallDcbu ^c^ts within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and

Damerham North, and Lord Ih ip of Gorfltam, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bll be committed to Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Ridley, Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir Charles daunt. Lord Catherlough, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Edmonstone,

Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cust, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Shiffner,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Jujfnell, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Buller, Colonel Barre, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Sandys,

Lord Burgherfh, Sir John Glynne, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Byde, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Long,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Shaftoe, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Gascoyne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of merfet, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and Chatteris for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road from Ferry Chatteris Ferry, which divides the of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond’s Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town's in the said County; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge aforesaid, over Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the White Hart, in the Sheep Market, in Saint Ives-, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock’s Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Montagu, Sir George Armitage, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Cust,

Sir George Amyand, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Evelyn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Townjkend, Mr. Wilson,

Mr. Hotham, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Clayton, Me. Lascelles,

Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Walter Blacket, Lord Sir Wil-

liam Codrington, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr. Beauclerk,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pennant, Lord Gar lies. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Milles, Mr. Bouverie,

Mr. Conolly, Mr. Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mawbey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton, Lincoln, Bedford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Touchet presented to the House, according to Or- Sapte's der, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte and David Nat. Francis Sapte: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing John Elias Jaquery, Peter Samuel Jaqnery’s Darbonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James Ofvald, and John others) Francis Anthony Rivaz, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir George Savile, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Cust, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Walter, Sir John Glynne, Lord Catherlough, Mr.

Jackson, Sir George Amyand, Mr. M . Bertie,

Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Monson, Mr. B\de, Mr.

Drake, Mr. Ryder, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Dempfler,

Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Burt, Mr.

Bullock, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Ser Mr. Bagot, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Chauncey Townsend,

Mr. Tuffnell, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Waller, Mr. Luther, General Honeywood, Mr. Glover, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Prattf Mr. Champion, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir William Baker,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

maurice.

5 Geo. III. &q fanuarii^*

maurice, Mn Middleton.,. Mr.. Parker, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Mr; Mn Gore, Mn Reynolds, Mr. Mr. Bejl, Mr.

Yorke, General Howard, Mr. Ridley, Lord Harry Rowlett, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Vane, Mf. Staunton, Mr. JVial/er: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aprr’t Mr. Luther presented to the tloufe, according to Name, Order, a Bill to enable William Ager, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of And the same was

received; and read the Fir It Tune; .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time:

..... t

Wartninster Sir Edward Bayttiun presented to the Hotife, accord-K°* s' ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the 13th of the First, and of the

16th of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of in the County, of

Wilts-, and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Great A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-Torrington pair, several Roads in and near Great in the

Reads. County of Devon, was read a Second Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter, Mr. Parker, Sir John Turner, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Bullock, Sir Charles Sir

George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Cooke, General ard, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Byde, Mr. Sandy's, Mr, Buller, Sir George Savile, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Dow-defwell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ward, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Milles, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Conolly, Mr . Seymour, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Forrefler, Mr. Put, Mr. P ref cot, Mr. Cufl, Lord Coleraine, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Sir John Evelyn, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Nugent, Lord Midleton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Dorset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Camber.

High Pried Ordered, That Sir Hodges do, upon Thitrfday of Wheat, Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, wl>0 are appointed to consider of the Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London,

Ordered, That Mr. William Everet do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thom, as Farrer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. — <- do attend the said

- Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Htntje do attend fhp.said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Newton do attend the said . Committee, at the same Time.

Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Forces. Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma-. rine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bringing A Bill for extending the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Colonies.' Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import *. their Goods and Efftfts, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and by the late Treaty, of

Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would , have been liable to, if the same Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 30.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, '

Resolved, That the-toff bec6irmt$H€dt<5 a-Cartfthbftd of the whole House; \‘: .'

Refolded, That this House will, up'dn Thursddy Mofn-Ing next, refolVe itself-info a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill: /. -

Ordered, That there tfe laid hfcfofo t-His. rfouTp; *ah. Acco.unt of the Number of Sufferances granted by tbte. Commissioners of the* Customs fof landing Goods at. private Wbarfs, from Christ'mas 1737 to Chfflm/ts 1764;. distinguishing each Year. 1

A Petition of the poor distrelfed Prisoness for DebL

confined in the Gaol of the Town and Coynry of

castle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, artel rdad.; ‘

complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. ,. "

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table. ' 1: '

Sir John G/ynne reported -from the Gorpmittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John William Plauel w^tr committed, That the Committee had examined dig Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of Jacob Nadal,' and -also die Petition of, John James and alfd, the.Re5- "

tition of Christopher Henry Baumer, to them referred

and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill, which the Committee had directed him to'.report . to the House; and he read the Report in- his Place.; artd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments^.-, in at the Clerk‘s Table: Where the Amendments were-' Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Otfe' by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the- House; . *.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed»

} - f Mr, Townshend, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common' Meadosws, Common Pai-tures. Common Grounds, and Commonable lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Hornlon, in (he Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the Coupty of Oxford t And the fame. was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

. . < Mr. Alderman Dickinson, according to Ordef, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; tire Resolution which the Committee had directed him ft) report tx> the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty,' the Sum of Fodf.Shillings in the Pound, and no more; be raised, within the space of One Year, from the 25th; Day. of March 1765, upon Lands, Tenements,

Hereditaments, PensionS, Offices; and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, WdleJt, and the Towrt of Berwick upon Tweed -, and that a< proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,. .1 i.-.r- > 1 '

The laid Resolution being, read ;a Sepond Time, upon the* Question put thereupon, agreed to by^tiio House. i 1 '

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in* upon the said Resolution: And thtit Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mn' Chincellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr Hunter, Mi*. Harris of C+rfl Church, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,- Mr. Jenkinftn, and Mr. Wkateley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame

Account;

Private

Wharfs*

Bill reded Debtors.

flabel’s

iNau

and Hornton lo cloture*

Supply BiltJ-Land Tax*

Often

and

SopiojriMat*.

Gftdil

Wutuu.

- I

70

29* — 31* Jamariu

A. 176$.

Mr. Fuller, $cc*>d|ng to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to -indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; anti forgiving further Time for those Purposes; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which 'they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then'a Second Time, One by Orie; and, upon the ‘Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

FNdetdd, That Sir William Mered have Leave to

Tttake a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the ‘Proceedings of the House of the 14th Day df Fdtruary last, in relation to the Question proposed,

That 'a General Warrant for apprehending and seizing

toe Authors, Printers, and Publishers, of a seditious libel, ‘together with their Papers, is not warranted by Tlaw:

And 'also the Proceedings of the House of the 17th Thy Of February last, -when the House resumed the ad-imod Debate upon the said proposed Question, were

feh a Motion was made, and the Question being d, That a General Warrant for apprehending the LtfthOfs, 'Printers, or Publishers, of a Libel, together with their Papers, is not warranted by Law and is an high Violation of the Liberty of the Subject;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by prefixing thereto these Words, " That in the particular same of Libels, and of no other Crime, It is proper and rtecessary to fix, by a Vote of this House only, what ought to be deemed a Law in respect of General Warrants; and for that Purpose, at the Time ' when the Determination of the Legality of such Warrants, in the Instance of a most seditious and treasonable -Libel, is actually depending before the Courts erf Law, for this House to declare

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words "and of no other Crime."

Add the said Amendment was, upon the Question

put-thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the said Amendment, so amended, be prefixed -to the Question first proposed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TdIt" for ,he { Mr' sSSr General. ]

1*11 c u xt V Sir William Meredith.

Tellers for the Noes.| J it J.

So itvras refofaed in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That in the particular same of libels it is proper and

- JKceflhry to fix, by a Vote of this House only, what ought to be deemed the Law in respect of General

.'WaMBita; and for that Purpose, at the Time when the ’ Determination of the Legality of such. Warrants, in the Instance of a most seditious and treasonabte Libel, v»stftually depondingbefore the Courts of Law, for this HoUfe.to declare that a General Warrant for apprehend-

- $iig -'the Authors, Printers, or Publishers of a Libel, 'together with their Papers, is not warranted by Law,

and is an high Violation of the Liberty of the Sab-

.1-

*’ "It passed in the Ncg&th’cV

ii.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Five of the Clock on Morn-

ing, adjourned till To-rriorrow Molming, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 310 dieJanuarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIItii Regis, 1765* Prayers.

T\AV ID Francis Sapte and Peter Anthony

took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sat's

Nab

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Grantham Freeholders and Inhabitants of the South Part of the County of - Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from , in the County of Lincoln, through or near the several Towns of Manthorpe, Belton, Syfton, Barkftone,

Carlton Scroope, Normanton, Caythorpe,

ham, fVeibourne, Wellbigore, Navenby, Booth by,

Harmftone, and IVaddington, to W near

the City of Lincoln; and also the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at Borkftone, and leading through Hough to Caythorpe aforesaid; and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road at Carlton aforesaid, to Hough aforesaid; and also the Road leading from the North End of the Town of Belton aforesaid, through Part of the Town of Ancaster, by to

the West End of a Hedge in Quarrington Field, called Sleaford Long Hedge; and also the Road leading from the Town of Ancaster, to a House known by the Sign of the Green Man, on Lincoln Heath, in the said County; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot effectually be repaired and Widened by the present Method provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition jc referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it'

shall appear to them, to the House:

.And it is referred to ‘Mr. Hobart, Mr. Prefcot, Mr.

Whichcote, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Glover, Mr. WMr. Walter, Me,

Kynaston, Mr. Ongley, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Hewett, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Cust, Mr. Byde, Mr. ffouehet, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Edmo/stone, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Foley, Sir Jotrit

Smith, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. Honey wood, Mr. Gore, Lord Grey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hume, Mr. Mawbey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Hard* Common Fields, Common Pastores, Common Meadows. Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within the Manors and Parish of and Cot-

ton, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; And that the Title (be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common. Fields,. Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground within

the

Distressed

Debtors.

Shenfield, &c. Roads.

Jeimings,s

Name-

5 Geo. III. 31* Januarii. 71

‘the 'Manors and Parish of Hardmgffoue and Cotton, in forth, That J’honids late of in the

the County of Northampton. Indies, Merchant, deceased, by his last Will, dated

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the the 17th of August 1763, gave to the Petitioner a very Bill to the Lords, and defirp their Concurrence. considerable Elute, on Condition (hat he should immediately, on receiving a Copy of the Testator's WiH, A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in take upon him the Surname of Smith, by AA of Par-His Majesty’s Gaol, the Castle of Lincoln, in behalf of liament, and fend a Certificate thereof to Madrass: themselves and many other Prisoners within the several And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to 'Gaols in the said County of Lincoln, was presented to bring in a Bill'for the Purpose aforesaid. the House, and read} complaining of their Distress; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and praying Relief. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Mr. and Mr. Edmufione do prepare, and

Tabic. bring in, the fame.

Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, for putting in execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Panlh of Sheffield, to Harwich, in the county of ; and from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Ridburg, in the County of Suffolk; and from Margaretting to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads; and also of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the County of; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the . laid Acts were read; And,

Mr. Golding Griggs, being examined, said. That the Monies which have arisen by virtue of the said Acts have been duly applied according to the Directions . thereof; and that great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; but that the same cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers of the said Acts are further continued, nd the said Acts made*more effectual.

And the Witness further said. That the Roads lead-. ing from the North Bridge in to the present

Turnpike Road in Ballingdou; and from the 49th Mile . Stone in Lexden, through Hto the present Turn-pike Road in Hedingham Sible -, and from High Garrett, in the Parish of Backing, through Halfted, to Bultner . Tey; and from the Guide-Post in Mcrks Tey, to the present Turnpike Road in Braintree, and the Road through the Parishes of Lam ham and Dtadhan, to Stratford Bridge; and from Head Gate, by Saint Giles's Church, through Maudlin Street, to the Hith Bridge in -. ehefter; and from Malden to Braintree, through Heybridge, Wickam, Wit ham, Faulk bourne, White and Black Not ley,

_4Uid from the West End of the Turnpike Road in Sible "Hedingham, to the East End of the Town of and from Margaretting to M, through Great -

_ ,dow; and from the -White Hart in , to the

Biacksmith’s Shop in Baddow aforesaid, in the County of Essex; are become very ruinous, and cannot be ef-

fectually amended.and widened by the present Method ‘preforibed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill lor continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, palfed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and . the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties und

Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other , Roads in the said County of fifftx .* And that Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fitzherbert, and Mr. Luther, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of John Jennings, now called John Smith, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting V01.30.

Mr. Burrard reported from the Committee, to whom Lymiogtoa the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free-holders and Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, *.oad. whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in 1st the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ps followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Mitford, Esquire, laid, That the Road from Lymington Quay to the Red Lion Inn at in the

Parish of Eling, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Courts . of Law; and that the Road is, in some Parts, frequently -overflowed, and dangerous to Travellers.

And William Freeborn and Benjamin Limabume confirmed the whole of Mr. Milford's Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads loading from the.

Quay, at Lymington, in the County of Southampton:

And that Mr. Burrard, the Lord Burgherfh, and Mr.

Drunemouil, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open PaHnytaq and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Podington, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and . Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Fa£ turns, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Podington, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Alderman Dickinson presented to the House ac-. £uppIyjBHI| cording to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Land Tax. Majesty by a Land Tax, to be nulled in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1765; And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Refohod, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Silk thereunto subscribed, being SiHc Throwfters and Per-.

Idas concerned in Throwing Raw Silk, in behalf of . themselves, and the rest of the Silk Throwfters of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Throwing of Silk is broqgbt to great Perfection in this Kingdom; and has, till of late, been carried on to a very considerable Extent, whereby Employment has been found for many thousands of . poor Women and Children; and that the Quantities of Raw Silk imported of late into this Kingdom have not , been sufficient to employ the Persons concerned in the Throwing thereof, whereby many Silk Throwfters have been obliged to stop their Mills, which the Petitioners , foresee mod, if not timely remedied, reduce many thou-fends of the induilrious Poor of this Kingdom to the

greatest

7^ *75-

greatest Distrefe; and that the Petitioners humbly ap- they would have been liable to, if the same Places bad prehend, that the most effectual way to encoutage this remained in His Majesty’s Possession, be how read, valuable and once flourishing Manufacture, and to pre- And the said Order being'read accordingly; vent the Calamities above mentioned, would be to Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the permit an Importation into this Kingdom of Raw Silk, Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Mer-

'Duty free: And therefore praying the House to take chants, whole Namps are thereunto subscribed, in behalf the Premises into Confederation, and to grant such Re- Of themselves, and several other Merchants concerned lief and Encouragement, to the said Manufacture, as the in the Trade to Guadeloupe, and the,

Credit and Importance thereof deserve, and as to the was referred, be referred to the said Committee of the House shall leem meet. whole House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Then the House resolved itself into the said Coni*

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition mittee.

of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred: And that they do examine, and Rate to the House, the Matter of FaCfc contained in the said Petition now presented.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid before this’.House, an Silk. Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into England, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year, and from what Countries; With the Amount of the Duty paid thereupon.

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk exported hom England, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries; with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ' Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures ex-' ported from England to Italy and Turkey, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Silk. Account, of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silk

imported into England, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758; and likewise from Christmas 1763, to Christmas

' 1^64; distinguishing each Year, and from what Coun-

f tries; with’ the Amount of the Duties paid thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks ' exported from England, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758 distinguishing each Year and each Country; with the Amount of the Drawback paid thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of made Silks exported, together with the Bounty paid upon the fame,

from Christmas 1750 to Christ 1751; distinguishing each Country to which the fameifeve been exported, and each Year.

Bancor*V , Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according Name. to Order, a Bill to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk, here- tofore called Richard Hattcorn, and his Heirs Male, to "take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire,- deceased; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be' read a Second Time.

Dr. Hynde Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked the ReVerehd Dr. Hynde, for the Sermon by him preached Sermon. Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westmin-' Jler; and that he be desired to print the lame: And that'

' Mr. Ryder and Mr. Bacon do acquaint him therewith.

Bringing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Effects; to resolve itself into a-Committee of the whole House, from ceded Upon the Bill for extending the Time granted by an omes. passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His pre- '

sent Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods arid Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the feme Duties as

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cust took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- . ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Armyt to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters1, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- fog next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to High Prie* Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of consider of the Petition of the Court of Mayor and Wheat. Ac. Aldermen of the City of London;

Refqlved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

i.

The other Order of the Day* being read, for the Supply B3T; House to, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mak Duties, House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1765;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit. '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to drrect that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1765, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1763, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1765. 1

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t

5 Geo. III.

Veneris, i°

Anno 5* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1765.

1° Februarii. 73

Heath, in the said County j afe in a ruidoOs Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually tc* paired and widened by the Laws in being;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring id d Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Hobart and Mr. Whichcot do preparej and bring ini the fame;

Croptott

Incknure.

Balby

Binfold,

&c.

Road.

Grantham

Roads.

Prayers.

MR. Cholmley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Coni- rnons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of York and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Balby fold, near Doncaster, in the County of York, through

the Towns of Balby, Loversal, Tickhill,

coats, and Carlton, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, too narrow, and cannot be widened and repaired by the present Method prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shaltfeem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dempster, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir George Armitage, Mr.

Mr. Norris, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Vane, Mr. Harbord, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Dow Mr. Hobart, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bu/ler, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Mr. De

Grey, Mr. Harley, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Drax, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Drummond, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Savile, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Cujl, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Lord Mid/etw, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thoroton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the South Part of the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Dr. Cuff being examined, said, That the Road leading from Grantham to Waddington Gate, near the City of Lincoln', and allb the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at Barkflone, through Hough, to Cay-thorpe-, and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road at Carlton to; and allb the

Road leading from the North End of the Town of Belton, to the West End of a Hedge called Sleaford Long Hedge -, and from Ancajier to the Green Man on Lincoln Voi,. 30.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord^ Wifliagbo-ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- n*u2h mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, . ncou#e* Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of Wellingborough-, and of and in the Mahor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the College of Jrtlingborough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the ttdufe, according td Jennings's Order, a Bill to enable John Jennings, Esquire, now Name* called John Smith, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of ‘Thomas Smith, deceased 2 And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the poof distressed Prisoners for Debt iJiftretfed in His Majesty’s County Gaol of Leicester, in behalf of l>ebton. themselves and the other Prisoners in the several Prisons within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Westmlnflw whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in P«vit»R, Execution the several Acts of Parliament passed for Street Toll, paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of* and other Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein: was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fdllow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr*

George Wyatt, Surveyor to the said Commissioners, being examined, laid, That the Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act with gfeat Diligence, and have made a great Progress therein, which, he apprehends, is very advantageous to the Public.

Whereupon your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Commissioners forputting the said Acts in execution, have made a great Progress in the Works by the said Acts directed to be done.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That some further and other rrovision Ihov.ld be made for the more speedy and etfedtually carrying on the said Works.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the granting to the said Commissioners a small Toll, to be collected on Sundays upon the several Roads which communicate with, or lead to, the several Places directed by the said Acts to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, would be a Means of expediting the said Works.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be re-committed;

U The

74 i* Februarii.in6S.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutions being severally read ft Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be bttrught in, pursuant to the last of the Aid Resolutions: And that Mr.

Mr. %dnionftone, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Dowdesweft,

Mr. Plumptre; and Mr. Fitzherbert, dto prepare, and bring in, the- fame.

Bt.J&fr from the Commissioner* for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , prefeiited

to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of what Money has been kTued by the Account; Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to several Navy Debt. Acts of Parliament made with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude:

And also.

An Account shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between 31st December 1763 and 31 ft Deeem~ ber 1764, has arisen; distjnguished under the several Heads of Expence: And also,

An Account /hewing what Part of the Debt of the Navy was carrying Interest on the 31st December 1764.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The First of the said Accounts is preserved among# the other Papers of this Session; and the others are as fojloweth; viz.

T

A

5 Geo. JJI. i* Felppariu

ft,.

Ik

Navy Office, 7 Ah ACCOUNT shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 30th Januaryl7^S' j 31st of December 1763 and the 31st of December 1764, has arjlen; distinguished undej

the several Heads of Expence; prepared puffuapt t.o an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 24th of January 1765. o

The Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1763, as presented to Parliament

Granted by Parliament towards the Discharge thereof

The Debt of the Navy on the 31 1764

From whence deducing the above Sum of

Which reduce? tb^t-Pety to

Shew? the Debt increased between 3 ill December 1763 and 3ill December } 764 toawownt to

£ * & 4,046,898 17 11 650,000 — > —

3,39^»*98 *7 11

3,926,915 7 9

3,396,898 17 11

539,016 9

Reasons for the said Inciyafo.

Charge of Transports between the ift January and 31st December j 764, not provided for by Parliament -

Interest incurred on Tran {port Bills unpaid - -

On the Heads of Wear and Te.ar and Wages.

Charge of Seamen *nd Marines borne more than voted by Parliament for Wear and Tear and Wages - - _ -

Prepiinms on Naval Stores imported from the Plantations Bou.oty of £. 5 per Head, for Men belonging to the Enemy’s Ships of War and Privateers that have been taken or destroyed -Price of Ships and Vessels bought for His Majesty’s Service -Recompence to the Owners of the Sloop, for the Service and

Loss of the said Sloop at Neivfowidiand. -

Interest incurred on Navy Bills -

Charge of subsisting Prisoners of War and French Neutrals

On the Head of Victualling, as by Accpunt received from those

Commissioners j viz.

The Expepce of victualling Land Forces in for- Y mer Years, the Accounts of which did not / come to hand till since the 31st

1763,^.9,652. 2J 6d.and in the Year 1764, 1 £.2,004. ** - ~ ~ - J

The Expence of victualling French Prisoners in Y former Years, the Accounts of which did not f come to hand till liaee the 3 ill December C *763 .....-

l *, M

5*

s.

*3

d.

7\

Victualling Captain Hamilton's Detachment of Marines, doing Duty as Part of the Gamfon at Fort Lewis, Senegal, in former Yean, the Accounts of which did not come to hand till since the 31st December 1763 - - - r

For Extra Freights and Demurrage in former Years, the Accounts of which did not come to hand till since the 31st December 1763 Interest paid and incurred on Bills -

0 Bills of Exchange drawn from the East , for the Service of His Majesty’s Ships there in preceding Years, which have beep paid in the present Year, and amount to - - -

Bills made out in the present Year, for Services incurred on or before , the 31st December 1763, the Accounts of which did not come to - hand till the present Year -

£ S‘ 24,332 16 3

26,712 —; —

29,546 19

9

3

*4,845 — r-r-5^,562 14 5

800 -

21,138-----

*7>°9$ 1 7

*1,707 *9 8j

324 3 9

3.883 11 8

12,769 4 9

3°>35° — —

m OO fs 4

5 *.044

s.

16

J,

S

302,095 9

176,876 4 6| £ I 530,016 9 9I

vG. Cokbur>u, . ~Th». Slade,- W, Bately, E. Mason, T. Brett,

30.

Fish and Rabbit Rraling.

Estates of

Ecclesiastical

Corporations.

Poor Lawi»

Supply Bill; Land Tax*

Account Com exported.

High Price ©/Wheat, Ac*

7& i* Februarii. A. 1765.,

Navy Office, 30th 1763.

Am ACCOUNT shewing what Part of the Debt of the Navy was carrying Interest on the 31st Day oft J December 1764; prepared pursuant to an Order froth the Honourable Home of Commons, dated the 24th January 1765 } viz.

r.

Navy and Transport Bills 1,376,768 14 7

Victualling Bills - 310,673 17 6

1,687,442 12 1

Amounting to the Sum of One million Six hundred Eighty-seven thousand Four hundred Forty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny.

G. Cokbume, Tko. Slide, E. Mason, T. Brett.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the dealing of Fish and Rabbits t And the feme was re* ceiwcd; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackstone presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under certain Restrictions therein ter be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Bejo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1765, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

s

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of the different Species of Corn exported from England, with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon, from 1758 to -

mas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, is referred.

The said Account is preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House 18

to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole Hdufe* to consider of the Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* tnittee,'that they do consider of the present high Prices Of Malt, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee* That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and had received Evidence, and examined several Witnesses; and had come to a llesolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Cufi, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded o to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the feme Duties as they would have been liable to, if the feme Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the JHpufe.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Bringing Effects from ceded Colouies.

5 Geo. 111 1° — !2°

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Mr. Alderman Dickinfott reported from the Com-Malt Duties, rnittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grant-&c‘ ing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1765, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers,

\ PETITION of the Right honourable William

fn'infirr. d\. Earl of Harrington, Lord of the Manor of Long Eaton, in the County of , and James Shuttleworth, Esquire, John Thomas Hopkins, John

Hewit, Robert Bonsall, Matthew Stanfield, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields in the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dif-perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that, if the said Fields were divided and indofed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

StreethoTcn* An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Christian James Nat. Strackhoven, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Christian James Strackhoven.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiffner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Welt cote A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Tything of Weficote, in the Parish of in

the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

' Mr. Dempfier, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drax, Sir John Gibbons, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Martin, Mr. Heweit, Mr. Cujl, Sir George Savile, Mr. Btiller, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Befi, Sir Charles Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Milles, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Doxvdefwell, Mr. Parker, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Byde, Mr. Walter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

ley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rucks, Oxford, Warwick, Berks, Bedford, and

Vol. jo.

Februarii 77

ampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time. oXce*'

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tv.efday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

A Petition of Elizabeth t)ixonWidow, William Wadworth Marshall, and Thomas Tofield, Esquire, Owners and Pro- Inclosure. prietors of divers ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tolt-iteads, Open Arable Field Lands, and Undivided Inclosures, in the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the Count of York-, Jofias Wordsworth, Esquire, Impropriator of the Corn Tythes arising and growing within the said Parish, and also Owner of several ancient Messuages, Cottages, Open Arable Field Lands, and Undivided Inclosures, in Wadworth aforesaid; and William Hodson, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Wadworth aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, containing in the whole about 2,000 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, would be very beneficial to all the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclqfures,

Commons, and Waites.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hewett and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Supply Bill; Duties -upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1765, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, fcyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1765.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Time granted by Bringing an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Effva» from present Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to CoLmie*. import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if the same Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Time granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if the same Places had remained in His Majesty’s Possession,

Ordered, That Mr. Cufi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do make the High Price Report from the Committee of the whole House, to of Wheat, whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the * Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and who were instructed to consider of the high Prices of Malt, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch-

X M

2° — 4° Februarii.

' A. 1765%

Mr. Alderman Harley accordingly reported from the Smith, Sir Gibbons, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Co-

laid Committee, the Resolution which the Committee ventry, Mr. Mazvbey, Mr. Ridley, Sir Thomas Pa mer, Mr had diretfled to be reported to the House; which he read Wilson, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Mr. Foley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Jr for -

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- daunt, Mr. Bull, Mr. Met Insen, Sip John Hynde Cotton,

eth; viz. General Mr. Nugent, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Barrow, Sir Charles Ketnys Tynte, Lord Harry Powlett,

That the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Gray, Lord Gref, Sir

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, be prohibited for a limited John Glynne, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Wynne, Mr.

Time. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of thd

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; upon the Qucllion put thereupon, agreed to by the

House. A Retition of Andrew Fuhrer was presented to the nJu

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upoit the said House, and read; praying, That Leave may given ' 41,

Resolution: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, the Lord to bring in a- Bill for his Naturalization.

North, Mr. Jenkittfon, Mr. Whateley, Sir Robert Lad- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac-

bfoke, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that feme. Mx, and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in;

the fame.

Supply Bill; The other Order of the Day being read, for the L»d Tax, House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised.in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1765;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Cfedit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1763, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

*7*5-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dicktnfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Dickinsonreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tire Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1765.

Prayers,

Jacquery, li /T R. Touchet reported from the Committee, to ^an<Natier*^ **-- whom the Bill for naturalizing John Elias a Jacquery, Peter Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James OJvald, and John Francis Anthony Rivaz, was" committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he-delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered That the Bill be ingrossed.

Nat!* R‘ll for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte and David

Francis Sapte was read a Second Time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 'touchet, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr.

Shiffner, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Parker, Mr. Scudamore, Sir George Sir William

Beauchamp Proflor, Lord Colerame, Mr. Best, Sir George Yoitge, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Delaval, Mr, Sandys, Sir Jartit 21

A Petition of the several' Persons, whole Names are tampion thereunto subscribed, Trustees and Creditors under an Act of the 26th of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,- Road.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through, the Towns of Yeovil,

Crewkerne and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, and several other Roads rourtd the said

Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, and of several other Persons living in and near the Towns of llminster, Chard, and other Places, who frequently travel the Road from Chard to Honitvn, through Stockland, p was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Road leading from Hajleborough Bridge, to fho East End of the Town of Axminster, being the District the Petitioners were impowered to repair, hath been repaired, without expending the whole Sum of £ 3,^00" which they were, by the said Act, impowered to borrow; and that the nearest Way, by several Miles, from Chard, to the Town of Hottiton, is -through the several Pari fires of Chard, Wambrook, Chardstock, Mein bury, Stockland,

Cotleigh, Monkton, and Hoaiton, in the several Counties of Somerset, Dorset, and Devote', but that such Road is at present very bad, and narrow, and incapable of being amended by the Laws m being: And therefore praying the House to enlarge the Term granted by tlx said former Act, and give such further Power and Assistance, as they shall think proper, for repairing, amending, and widening the Roads from Chard to through

Stockland aforesaid, and the other Parishes above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the flatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Ktmys , Mr.

Prtrtvfe, Mr . Sirgifon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Simeon

Stuart, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Harvey, Sir -Jarrit Smith, Sir George Armitage, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Gibbons,

Mr. Rest, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr.

Cust, Mr. Ridley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr.

Lafcel/es, Sir George Metliam, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Amy and, Mr. C, Mr. , Mr. Foley, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Stevens,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Armine Wode house, Lord Harry Powle/f,

Jjord North, Mr. Morton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Buller, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Sir John Gibbons,

Mr. Milies, Mr. Bull; and all the Members who lerve

for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, Devon, and-Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Willoughby prefen ted to the House, according to j^rry)1*

Order,* Road.

Brintin^ham

Inclosure.

EHerker

Inclosure.

Pentnn

Incloluic.

Sprat ton Inclosure.

5 Geo. III. 4* Februariu

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham mon, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Isaac Broadley, Esquire, ton, Gentleman, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands within the Town-ships of Brantingham and Thorpe in the

Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth. That there are, within the said Townships, several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Improvement of their several Estates, and of pubiic Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fud Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Newelt. Sir George Armytage, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir George Savi/e, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Thomas Bowman, Clerk, Vicar of the Township of Ellerker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the Eaffc Riding of the County of York, Ellerker,

John Banks, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township several Open and Common Fields, and other Corhmonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their pre-font Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and that some Parts of the fai 1 Lands and Grounds are subject to be frequently overflowed; and, if the same were embanked and preserved, and, together with the rest of the said Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would be an Improvement of their several Estates, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and preserving the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, and dividing and inclosing the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett, Sir George Armytage, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Burton, Esquire, a considerable Owner of Lands within the Parish of Benton, in the County of York, and also the Impropriator of thj Great and Small Tythes arilir.g within the said Parish, Henry Ma'tjler, Jonathan Ackkm, Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable Land, Meadow and Pasture Ground, within the said Parish, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement; and if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of their several Estates, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hewett, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Lascelles, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Patron of the Vicarage of Spratton,

'Vot. 30.

in the County of Northampton, of the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Spratton aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Hands are thereunto fubr feribed, being Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in tile Open and Common. Fields of Spratton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are felled, or possessed of, or interestedin the several Freehold Estates, ai d other Properties, in the Open and Common Fields of Spratton aforesaid, which lie intermixed and cli(perl'd over the said Fields in small Parcels* by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Estates; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of tire fame, if the said Fields were inclosed and divided:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields' of Spratton aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame; and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Glyrtne, Sir Roger Newdigate,

and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for naturaiizing John William Blauel, flaueP* was read the Third Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Jbhn

James Lang, Jacob Nadal, and Chrftoph Henry Beaumer.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynnedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy', Merchants, Birflall Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, Inhabi- ,to tants and Owners of Lands and Premises in or near the Road leading from Leeds to Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of Tcrk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That so much of the said Road as lies between a Public House in,

in the said Riding, known by the Sign, of the Coach and Six Horses, and the Town of Huddersfield aforesaid, is in many Places narrow', and in the Winter and Rainy Sea- i

fbns many Parts thereof are impafiable for Carriages, and very' dangerous for loaded Horses and Travellers, and cannot effectually be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Coutie of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, repairing, and amending the said Roads, from the said Public House, called the Coach and Horses in Birflall aforesaid, to Huddersfield aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Armytage,

Mr. Hewett, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit 'Smith, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grey,

Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Tucker,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Wood, Mr.

Methuen, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fitzroy, Lord Robert Bertie,

Mr. Major, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Jackson, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Edtnonstone, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Onslow, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Harbord, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Morton, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Cufl, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Hobart, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mil/es, Mr. Gray, Lord Mr. Parker,

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Cooke, Sir John

Glynne, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Hynde Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Nottingham, Lincoln, Cumberland, Westmoreland,

Lane after, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber;

80 4 ° Februari 1705.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Anglesey The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Roads, the 16th Day of January Iaft, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, and from thence, through Lanerchymedd, Pontraeih, and Beaumaris, to a Place called Uron, in the Parish of in the County of Anglesea, might be read.

.And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea: And that Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Harbord, and Mr. Price, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mattiftiall A Petition offeveral Persons, whose Names are there-lncJofure. unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Common Right Houses, and having Right of Common in and upon the Commons, in the Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves and others interested in the Commons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Commons are open and exposed to other Parishes; and, for Want of proper Ditches, Fences, and Water-courses, are, in their present Situation, of very little Profit or Advantage to the Petitioners; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Improvement of their several Estates, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harbor d, - Sir William Beauchamp and

Mr. Charles Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Southwark A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there-° unto subscribed, assembled at a General Meeting, and Roadt. others, for putting in execution several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, in Southwark, to the Lime Kilns, near Blackheath; and to the Town of Dart-ford; dhd to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Acts; and alleging, that the said Roads, by the Use of Broad Wheel Carriages, now are, and for some Time past have been in good Condition; and, as the Repairs, in consequence thereof, have been lets expensive, the Petitioners have made such Yearly Savings, that a great Part of their Mortgage Debt is reduced, inso much that they think themselves enabled, if the present Tolls are continued for some Time longer, to extend the Reparation of the Roads, without affecting the particular Interest of those Mortgagees who are not yet paid off; notwithstanding which additional Charge, the Petitioners apprehend (if the Use of Inroad Wheels be continued) that the Public may in a short Time be relieved, by regulating and lessening the present Tolls; and further setting forth. That the Road from the End of the Parish of Lezvisham, at a Place called Sump’s Hill, where the present Turnpike Road ends, to the West End of Stroud Green, towards Croydon; and also the Road from the Top of Bromley Hill, where the present Turnpike Road ends, to the End of Bromley Common, next to Farnborotrgh; and also the Road from out of the said Parish of Leivisham, into the adjoining Parish of Lee, acrol's a Rivulet or small Run of Water, where the present Turnpike Road separates from the said Parish of Lee, to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane; and the Road from the Crown and Boot, where it separates from the present Turnpike Road, to the Stones End in London

Street, in the Parish of East Greenwich, are, in many Places, greatly out of Repair, and, in other Places, too narrow for Carriages and Passengers; and that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees, for the Time being, to lessen and alter or vary the present Tolls or Duties, as they shall, from Time to Time, find necessary; and also to enable them to widen, alter, repair, and amend, the said last mentioned Roads, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be found most necessery and convenient, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fuller, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynafiotl, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Coleraine, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Shiftier, Sir George

Yonge, Mr. Parker, Mr. Hekvett, Mr. Lafce/les, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Harbord, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. Be/l, Sir John G/ynne, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Tucker, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Byde, Mr. Milles, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Lord Brownlow Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Sujpx, Middlesex, Essex, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Fere Bertie, Rranftoa Esquire, commonly called Lord Fere Bertie, Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln, the Reverend John Curtois, Clerk, Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Branston aforesaid, and also present Iteftor thereof, William Blythe, and John Ashton, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and other Property within the said Manor and Parish of Branston, afore-l'aid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish, arc several large Tracts of Land called F Ground, containing Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, Sheep Walks, and certain Lands, called the Wood lugs, together with several Open Common Fields, known by the several Names of the West Field, Pet horn Field, Field, and

Lincoln Field; and that the Lands of the several Proprietors therein lie greatly intermixed, and incapable of any Improvement; and that it will be of great Advantage to them to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fen Ground,

Sheep Walks, Wood Ings, and Common Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to th6 Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Cambridge to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names Road, are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to So-ham; and for building a Bridge ctofs the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Strethem Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and of divers other principal Inhabitants of Stretham, Haddenham, Witchjord, -

port.

5 Geo. III. 4° Feb 8 i

port, and Places adjoining; was referred; That the Com- filling up, that the Consequences are become greatly mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} alarming; inso much that the Petitioners have Eeafon to and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared apprehend, that, unless some I'peedy Remedy be applied to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his to this growing Evil, the Port of Shields may be intirely. Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: blocked up, and the Coal Trade from thence totally de-

Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz. stroyed: And therefore praying the House to take the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners Isaac Cockeran, Clerk to the said Trustees, produced to such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; your Committee Two Accounts, whereby it appeared, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the That the Sum of ^.6,137. ijr. o| d.has been ex- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do expended in building the said Bridge, and repairing the amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Roads; that the Sum of £. 3,750 remains owing on the shall appear to them, to the House:

Credit of the Tolls; and that the Treasurer has no more And it is referred to Mr. Cust, Mr. Burrell, Mr. than 133. 13J. 4 d.in his Hands at present: Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr.

And being examined, he said, That the Trustees have Lord North, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. , Sir William -built a substantial Bridge across the River Oitze at St ret ham champ Mr. Nugent, Mr. Harvey, Sir Kenrick

Ferry, and that the Way prescribed in the Act, from Clayton, Lord Strange, Mr. Hotham, Lord Howe, Lord the said Bridge to the South End of Braham Lane, is Doctor Hay, Lord Downe, Mr. Fairfax, Lord above Five Furlongs round about; and that it is dan- George Colonel Banc, Sir

gerous for Travellers, particularly in passing Stretham der Grant, Mr. Cocks, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Mills, One of which is dole to the Road; and that it Fitzherbert, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sharpe, Lord Harry would be more convenient for the Inhabitants of Stre- Pow/et, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Mr.

tham and Haddingham, if the Trustees were enabled to Lord North, Mr. Webb, Mr. Prefcot, Sir John divide the Road into Two Branches, separating loon after Mr. Mr. Attorney General, Lord Coleraine,

the passing over the said Bridge, One through the Gate Sir Smith, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Harbord,

already erected between the Common and the Fields Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. of Stretham, up to the First House in Wilburton in the Mr. Major, Mr. Clayton, Lord

Way to Haddingham, and the otiier to the Right Hand Mr. Wattchope, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. West, between the said Common and Fields, through the Sir Francis Sir John Cotton, Mr.

Town of Stretham, sard from thence, agreeable to’the Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Glover, Mr. Dyjon, Mr.

present Direction of Braham Lane: That it would be Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Morton, Mr.

a great Benefit to the Public, if the Trustees were im- Delaval, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. powered to repair the Road from Bngg's Pond, in Ely, to; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the

Gibbet Hill, in the Parish of Sutton, including a short Members for the Sea Coast Counties: And they ,are to Branch inclining from Wi/hford Bridge towards Gimty meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Fen; and also from Lamb Corner to the Town of Little- Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pernor/, and from thence, by Littleport Plains, to the Bank fons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to of the Hundred Feet River; but that the said Roads, to- have Voices, gether with the present Roads, cannot be effectually

amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act The House being informed, that the Chamberlain of are enlarged, and additional Tolls granted. the City of London attended at the Door; he was called

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of to several Acts of Parliament,

an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Ma- An Account of Money received and paid, in pursu-jesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in ance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge the Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, Passage over and through London Bridge, from the 7th and from thence to Soliarn-, and for building a Bridge Day of October 1763 exclusive, to the 2d Day of January crols the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham 1765 inclusive: And also.

Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and for repairing An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance

and widening, and making several other Roads adjoin- of the Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, ing to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened from Black Fryars in the City of London, to the opposite by the said Act: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord Side in the County of Surrey, from the jthDay 763

Robert Bertie, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Jenyns, and exclusive, to the 5th 1764 inclusive: Andalfo,

Mr. John Torke, do prepare, and bring in, thtj lame. An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of

T'. ne A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships em- London, on the 5th Day of July 1764.

River. ployed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, And then he withdrew.

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

That the Ships employed to bring Coals from Newcastle Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to London are obliged, for want of Back Freight, to to be perused by the Members of the House. take in Ballast at the Port of London, great Quantities The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other

of which, upon the Arrival of such Ships at the Port of Papers of this Session.

Shields, is put on board Keils and Lighters, and from

thence thrown on Quays or Wharfs provided for that An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Purpose; from the Front of which Quays or Wharfs, it omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ-is carried away in Carts, and laid up in Heaps at a small ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Distance; and that this Method of unloading Ballast is Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or others, who have very expensive to the Petitioners, and must necessarily omitted to register, or deliver in, then- Qualifications, become more and more so, which tends to increase the within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Price of Sea Coal; and that, by this Method of dif- Time for those Purposes; was read the Third Time, charging the Ballast from Ships, the River Tyne has of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title late Years, in many Places, become so shallow, that, be. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted where Ships used to load and lie afloat at Low Water, to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and it is now become dry in several Places; and that the to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, only Place now remaining for great Ships to load at is Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to at Shields-, and even there the River is so apparently register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Vol. 30. Y Time

Account* of the Chan^'erlam of London.

Offices

and

Employments.

i^-

Cattle

imported from

Ireland.

Silk

Maoufacture-

Fish and Rabbit dealing.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Supply Rill; Land Tax.

8$

40 — 50 Februafii.

A. 1765.

Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; And the same was received i and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Foreign manufactured Gloves and Mittens imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last; distinguishing each Year, together with the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

A. Bill for the more effectual preventing the dealing of Fish and Rabbits, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, between the 24th December 1763 and 25th December 1764, be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whatdytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whatefy reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whateiyalfo acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1765, was committed.

Mr. Jenkitfon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest mere agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Persons gaining Settlements, by being assessed to the Land Tax:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

for, he Ye*^ }

Tenersfor theNoeel^ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 di;

Anno 5* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1763.

Prayers.

M

R. Meyrick presented to the House, according to Porthaethwy Order, a Bill for* repairing and widening the

Road*.

Road leading from Perthaethwy Ferry to in the County of Anglesey :And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Wetlingbo* Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common rough Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of loclofur*. Wellingborough, and of and in the Manor of Wellingborough formerly belonging to the College of and

in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second 'Lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles.

Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Lord G, General Honey-

wood, Mr. Methuen, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mr.

Hutchins, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarr.i Smith, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. C/tolmley, Sir George Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Lord Strange, Mr.

Mr, Wauchope, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Webb, Mr. Drax, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

vey, Mr. Wood, Mr. Pater [on. Colonel Bane, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Edmonfione, Mr, Burt; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Lincoln,

Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* ber.

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Tonbn.w Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of and ‘ Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Maidn.-n* forth. That the Road from Tonbridge to the Village of Mereworth, and from thence to Maidfiom, is in a very-ruinous and founderous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, leading from the said Town of Tonbridge to the said Town of Mai, fyione, through the Panfries of Tonbridge, Hadlow, Raft Peckham, West

Peckham, Mereworth, Wateringbury, Tefton, Barming, and Maidf one, in such Manner as to the House ft»U kera meet.

Fife* and Suffolk Roads.

Den ford laciofure.

Crppton Inclosure.

5 Geo. III. 5 Februarii. 8?

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Norris, Mr.

Fuller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. , Mr.

Wood, Mr. Burt, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lord

Verney, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Parker, Mr. Montagu, Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Grey, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bagot, Lord Grey, Sir

Smith, Lord Strange, Mr. UpMr. Tucker, Mr. Tud-way. Sir Charles Bunbury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, and Southampton-, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Maynard presented to the House, according to Order., a Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Ef'ex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Leonard Burton, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Denford, in the County of Northampton, John Glajbrook, Clerk, Vicar and Incumbent of the Parish Church of Denford aforesaid, the Right honourable John Lord St. John, William West brook Richardson, Esquire, Pigot lnce, Esquire, John Godfrey, Esquire, Samuel Rougnton, Francis Roughton, Francis Freeman, and Richard Saunders, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, and entitled to Lands, Grounds, and Right of Common, lying, being, and arising within the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open and Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds, within the said Manor and Parish, called Ringstead, M Croy-

dale Field, Oram Meadow, and WMeadow, and containing 1,450 Acres; and that great Part of the Lands and Grounds of the Land Owners, Freeholders, and Proprietors respectively, lie intermixed and dispersed in final 1 Parcels in and over the said Fields and Grounds; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the Fields, Meadows and Grounds should be divided, inclosed, and allotted, unto and for the several Persons interested therein: and therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Sir Charles Mordaunt to prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chohnley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Worjley, Sir John Glynne, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Parker, Sir Laurence Dundas, Lord Strange, Lord Thomond, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Vol. 30.

Mr. Tudway, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston

Sir Robert Long, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Baton, Mr. Southwell, Lord Howe, Mr. Egerton, Sir Charles Kernys Tynte, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Wemyfs, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Buller, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Dempfer, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. St. John, Mr. Shffner, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Gray, Sir George,

Mr. De Grey, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Milles, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Ashburnkam, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hervey, Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Waller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Peter Warburton, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Appleton, in the County of Chester, and of One Moiety of the Manor of in the fame

County, and of MaJJey Taylor, Esquire, and the Reverend Domvile Halstead, Clerk, Lords of the other Moiety of the said Manor of Lym, and of John Egerton, George Legh, John Leigh, Thomas Pickering, George Eaton, Matthew Lyon the younger.Esquires, and the several Other Persons whole Names are subscribed, being Owners, Lessees, Possessors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manors and Townships of Appleton and Lym aforesaid, and in respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon the Common or Waste Grounds within the said Manors and Townships, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township of Appleton, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called Cliffe Common, School Common, Great Stockton Heath, Little Stockton , Span Heath, and divers other small Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds there, containing in the whole 87 Acres of Land and upwards, of the customary Measure there used', being Eight Yards to the Rod or Poll; and that there are also, within the said Manor and Township of Lym, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called Broom Edge, Heatly Heath, Little Heatly, Statham Common, Morley Common, WilderJ'more Greens Common, Reddish Green, and divers other small Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds there, containing 136 Acres of Land and upwards, of like Measure; and that the said Manors and Townships adjoin each other; and some of the Petitioners are entitled to, or interested in, Right of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds, within both the said Manors and Townships; others are entitled to, or interested in Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Grounds within Appleton aforesaid; and the rest are entitled to, or interested in, Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste Grounds within Lym aforesaid; and that there are divers Leasehold Estates within the said res-spettive Manors, for One or more Life or Lives, and also for Years absolute; and the Lessees or Tenants thereof have and enjoy Common of Pasture upon the said Common or Waste Lands, for and in respect of such Leases; but several of them are, by their Leases, only entitled to Right of Common thereon, fb long sts the Lid Common or Waste Grounds lie open and uninclosed; and that the said Common or Waste Grounds at present afford little or no Profit or Advantage, but are capable of great Improvements; and the same would, if fevered and divided, inclosed and allotted, be of great Benefit to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Common and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Appletari and Lym larfoitrre

5* Februarii. A. 1765.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Townjhe, and Mr. Legh, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

WarmiiiGer Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two 084* Acts, of the 13th of George the First, and of the 16th

of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr. Lynch, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Boone, Mr. Vernon, Lord Sir Ro-

bert Bitrdett, Mr. Kynaflo Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Calvert, Lord Howe, General Howard, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Upton, Mr. Lowndes, Sir George SMr. Mr. Mr. Maw bey, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wood, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Sarjent, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Rash-leigk, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Legh, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Luther, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Tucker, Colonel Baire, Mr. GafMr. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Methuen, Lord Strange,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Parker, Mr. Butler, Mr. Harvey, Sir George Pocock,; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts,

Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ager’s A Bill to enable William Ager, and his Issue, to take Name> and use the Surname of Tumor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Honeyzvood, Mr. Luther, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Ky-

naflon.Sir William Maynard, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Whichcot, General Howard, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cust, Sir George Armytage, Colonel Barr it, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bull, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockhart, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Bnller, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Robinson, Mr. AllliesMr. St. John, Lord Grey, Colonel Hot ham, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Gore, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Lascelles, Sir George -Savile-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of - EJj'ex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge: And they

' are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Taunton

.Roads.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof; but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and rendered commodious, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Pow'ers of the said Act, in Rich Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Thomond, Sir Edward Bayntun, Lord Farnham, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Shijfner, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Matt 'bey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. De Grey,

Mr. Prefcot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Howe, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cujl, Mr. B, Mr. Mr. Mr. Fairfax, Lord North, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Roger Alojlyn, Mr.

Luttrell, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Butler, Mr. Drake,* General Honeyzvood, Mr. Waller, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Bertie*

Mr. Hot ham, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Mr. Ed-

monjione, Mr. Leivis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Irwin, Mr. Tucker-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties cf Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Mr. Dr ax reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling the High Road from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town and County of Poole, to WinbornAlinster, in the County of Dorset, and to

Bratton Common, in the County of Somerset, and ether Roads in the said Petition mentioned, lying in t he Counties of Dorset and Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Dober, being examined, laid. That he km ws the Road from Sta/bridge to Stu Bridge, which is almofh impafiable lor Carriages, and in same Places very narrow.

Mr. David Browne being examined, said, That he is well acquainted w'ith the Road from Stalbridge to Brat- ton, which is very bad and narrow, and liable to be overflowed at Bagbeer Bridge.

Mr. John Oliver, being examined, said, That he knows all the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that they are founderous, narrow in many Places, liable to be overflowed, and dangerous for Travellers; and that they cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And the Evidence of the respective Witnesses was confirmed by several Members present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town and County of Poole to Winborn Minster, in the County *of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerfe: And that Mr. Drax, the Earl of Thomond, and Mr. Coventry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horlcy and Horn-ton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Townshend, Lord Strange, Lord Howe, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Bnller, Mr. Mr. Ky-

nqfton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Which cote, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rice, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Shijfner, Sir,

Mostyn, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Burt, Mr.

Mr. Mazvbey, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cafwell, General Conway, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sir George,

Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.

Sir Francis Delaval, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Onflozv, Sir George Armitage, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bull, Mr. Dempfler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore-, and all

the

Poole,

&c.

Road-

Horlqr

IucloiUJfc

Tetford

Iuciofurp*

lubrers

Nat.

Bourne.

Drainage.

5 Geo. III. 5 ° February85

the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, cester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Robert Esquire, Patron of the Parish Church of , in the County of Lincoln, Charles Dezvfnop, Clerk, Rector of the said Church, William Burrell MaJJingherd, Esquire, John moke. Gentleman, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the Open and Common Fields, and Common Meadows and Pastures, of Tetford aforesaid, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within and belonging to Tetford aforesaid, several large Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds; and that the Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, by means whereof great Incon-vcniencies do arise; and the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Condition, but are capable of great Improvement if inclosed and divided: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, within, and belonging to, Tetford aforesaid according to each Person’s Right in the fame, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sibthorpe and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Shiffner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Andrew And the same was

received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of, and others interested in, certain Low and Fen Lands or Marshes, belonging to, or lying in or near, the several Parishes, Townships, and Places of , Dyke,

Cawthorpe, Morton, Harmthorpe, , Stainfeld,

DtinJby, Rippingale, Kirkby, Dowfby-Aflackby, Ringfton, Graby, Milthorpe, Poynton, Semperingham,

Horbling, Swayton, Helpringham, Little Hale, Great

Hale, Heckington, Afgarby, Howell, Ewerby, South Kyme,

Bicker, Donnington, Quadring, Quadring Hundred, Gosberton, Surfleet, Boson West, Skirbeck Quarter,

berton, Frampton, Kirton, AlgaFofdyke, Sutterton, Wigtoft, Swineshead, Brother Toft, and Pinchbeck North Fen, in the Parts of Kesteven, or Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read -, Setting forth, that the said Low and Fen lands or Marshes arc, in several Parts thereof, frequently overflowed, and in others greatly annoyed by Water, through the Infufticicncy and Decay of their Outfalls to the Sea, and are thereby rendered of far less Use and Value to the Petitioners and others interested therein, than they would otherwise be; and that the said Lands or Marshes are very capable of being drained and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and improving the said Lands or Marshes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Lord Bertie, Mr. Sibthorpe, Lord Howe, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Parker, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Charles Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gray, Mr. Harvey, Colonel Howe, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Burrell, Sir James Dashwcod, Mr. Fanfittart, Mr. Burt, Lord Mr.

Vol. 30.

Hamilton, Mr. Alderman BeckfSir Lord Catkerlough, Mr. Lee, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Hotham, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dow-defwell. Lord Strange, Mr. Wood, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Lofcelles, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tucker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution-an Act of Parliament, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Muck

Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the JPetitioners have made great Progress in the Repairs of the said Road, and have borrowed several large Sums of Money for that Purpose on the Credit of the Tolls there* of, a small Part only of which has been paid; and that the said Tolls are not sufficient effectually to repair the said Road, and pay off the remaining Part of the Debts charged thereon, within the Time prescribed for the continuance of the said Act; and that there are Three Roads, which communicate with the said Road, between Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth, one of which leaves the said Road at the Town of Much Wenlock, and pafles from thence along Wenlock Hedge, by Eaflthorpe Cross, and by Two Villages called and Wall under Ay wood, and from thence to Hope

ler, and Church Stretton, where it unites with the Turnpike Road between Shrewsbury and Ludlow, another leads out of the said Road between Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth, from Beggar Wall Brook, to i paf-

sing through Callerlon, and at Bourton joins the Turnpike Road from, Ludlow to Much Wenlock aforesaid; and the other, leaving the said Bridgnorth Road at Weeping Cross, leads to the Village of Pitckford, where it unites with the Watling Street Turnpike Road; and that there is another 'Road leading from Bridgnorth, through Rowton and Hilton, and from thence over Rudge Heath, through Shipley, and over Shipley Common, to Black Brook, where the last mentioned Road meets the Turnpike Road between Wolverhampton and Bridgnorth-, and that the said Roads are in many Places very narrow, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue for a longer Term the said Act, and to enlarge the Powers thereof, in such Manner as the House shall think proper, for the more effectually repairing the Road therein mentioned; and also to enable them to widen and amend the other Roads comprised in this Petition; or grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Thomond, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Ferney, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Drake, Mr. Cuff, Mr. Clive, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Long, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Fuller, Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Warkworth, Mr. WiL-

Z loughby.

Shrewsbury

to

Bridgnorth

Roads.

86 5 9 Februarii.A* 1765*

loughby, Mr. Whitworth., Mr. e, Mr. Fttzher-

bert, Sir George Armilage, Mr. Mr. Grey, Lord

Grey; and all the Members who fefve for the Counties of

Salop, Stafford, Hereford, Worcester, and Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

W«el»m A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Roads. and Borough of Corse , in the County of

and several Inhabitants of the Town of in

the said County of Dorset, and of several Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands near the said Towns of Corse Castle and , whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that I^eave is given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Market in the Borough of Wareham; and representing to the House, the Petitioners great Concern left such Bill should be discouraged or rejected, through the Means of a Petition already presented or intended to be presented to the House; setting forth, that the Turnpike Road, intended by such Bill, leading from through the Borough of Corse Castle, to Swanwick, is entirely unnecessary, and of no public Utility; and that the Inhabitants, from their Situation on the Sea Coast, have the Advantage of having their Wants supplied by Water-Carriage; and that the present Roads therefore, if amended by the Laws now in being, would sufficiently answer the Uses and Purposes of the Inhabitants; and that, if any Gates should be placed near the Towns of Wareham and Corse it would

be injurious to many who go to those Towns; and that very few of those who would contribute to the Tolls would have any Benefit or Advantage from the intended Turnpike Road; that these Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that the Turnpike Road intended by such Bill, leading from Wareham, through the Borough of Corse Castle to Swanwick, is extremely necessary, and of great public Utility; and that the Parishes which are situated at a very considerable Distance from each other, are not able sufficiently to repair the same by the Laws now in being; and that, in case any Gates should be placed near the Entrances of the Towns of Wareham and Corse Castle no Inconvenience to the Public can arise therefrom: And therefore the Petitioners hope, that such Part of the said Bill as relates to the Roads leading from Wareham, through Corse Castle, to Swanwick, will meet with the Sanction and Encouragement of the House, and that the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Borough of oe brought

in.

Fxportation Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, according of Wheat, Sic. Order, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Blackheath, Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom *c- the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Smalt Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of otherwise and

of Little and Leffitefs, in the County of , was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and sto

made several ^Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma- Supply Bill jesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for Land Ta*. the Service of the Year 1765, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 20. To leave out, "together with such " other Persons as shall or may be appointed by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of " Parliament."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1765.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable John Jennings, Esquire, now called Jotafogrii John Smith, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Smith, deceased, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-herbert, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Armitage,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Howard, Mr. Stan-wix, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr. Tucker, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Foley, Mr. 0»-flow, Mr. Pitt, Lord John Cavendish, Lord George -vendish. Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Montagu, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Cufi, Mr. Butler,

Mr Prefcot, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Upton, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Grey, Lord Grey, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Burt, Mr. Touchet; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of sex, Essex, and Hertfordr And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Right honourable Henry Earl of Elford Suffolk and Berkshire, Lord of the Manor of Elford, in Inclosinv the County of Stafford, and the humble Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and having a Right of Common in and upon several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all others interested. in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, if the same were divided 1 and inclosed: And- therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant

toor Laws.

sak

Xkuhfln-

Ditto*

Geo. III. 50 Februarii

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard, Mr. Coventry, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mercers and Traders in the Silk Manufacture, on behalf of themselves and others follow-, ing the same Business, was prefeoted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of this House, that Application has been made by the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, on behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; alleging, that the>Silk Manufacture labours under great Discouragement from the Increase in the Use and Wear of French and other Foreign Wrought Silks imported into this Kingdom; and alleging, that, if the Importation into this Kingdom of all Foreign Wrought Silks were to be prohibited, or any higher Duties laid, it would be very injurious, not only to the Petitioners, but the Public in general, and likewise a great Loss to the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard before the Committee, to whom the said Petition is referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, apd Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred: And that these Petitioners be heard by themselves, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the several Hosiers, Frame-work-knitters, Manufacturers of, and Dealers in Frame-work-knitted Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, and Silk Mitts, whole Names are thereunder written, living and redding in the Town of Nottingham, and in several Towns and Places being near to die fame, as well on behalf of themselves as many hundred of poor Manufacturers and their Families employed in the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for many Years past, a very considerable Inland Trade has been carried on in this Kingdom, and particularly in and neat the said Town of Nottingham, in the making and vending Frame work-knitted Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves* and Silk Mitts, for Home Consumption; whereby a* well the Petitioners, as many poor industrious Families; have been employed, and creditably maintained; and that this very valuable Branch of Inland Trade has gone to Decay, and been almost totally ruined, whereby many hundred industrious Families have been, and are now, reduced to very great Hardships, Poverty, and Distress; and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that this Decay has arisen from the large Quantities of Foreign Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, and Silk Mitts, which are clandestinely imported into this Kingdom; and that the Public Revenue is greatly detrimeoted by such Imports, as no Duty is paid for the Silk of which such Foreign Goods are made; and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that, if a Law was made entirely to prohibit the Importation of any Foreign Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, and Silk Mitts, it would not only tend to restore this valuable Branch of Inland Trade, and thereby give Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises, but also greatly increase the Public Revenue: And therefore praying the House to take the Petition into Consideration, and give such Relief to the Petitioners, by restoring this valuable Blanch of Inland Trade, in such Manner as they Hull think fit.

Vol. 30.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do. examine, and state to the House, (he Matter of Fad: contained in this Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Lessees of the present established Free Quays and Wharfs, lying between London Bridge and Tower Dock, on behalf of themselves and' the rest of the Proprietors and Lessees thereof, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition, relating to the extending the Free Quays and Wharfs within the Port of; and alleging, that

the Petitioners apprehend, and submit to the House, th&t the Free Quays and Wharfs already established, are sufficient to answer every Purpose for Trade in the Port of London, without any Delay or Inconvenience whatsoever to the fair Trader; and that, should such Extension of Free Wharfs take place, it will greatly prejudice, and affect the Property of the Petitioners, who have been at very great Expences in making the prefect Free Quays and Wharfs'commodious and useful: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that they m’ay be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being putj That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Committee of Merchants and Traders within the Port of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to make a proper Application for an Extension of the lawful and public Wharfs, in behalf of themselves and the said Merchants and Traders, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

It paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Whateley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Reftlved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, no exceeding Four hundred Four thousand Four hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’* Land Forces, and other Services incurred between the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, and the iTwenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, and not provided for by Parliament.

The feid Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ’

Mr. Thomas'Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered That the steport be received Tomorrow

Montuig,

The

Port of London Wharf*.

Slippy

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

88

The other Order of Day being read *, arine The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Force* whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of Kis Majesty’s Marine Forces, while onShore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

- A Meflfage from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Jfa^tr's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Dirk Jager, of the City of , Merchant; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6* Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III. U Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

ANDREW Fuhrer took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Penn Tmt Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of the Turnpike Road leading from Penn Inn, in the Parish of White Church Canonicorum, in the County of through

Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County1 of Devon, commonly called the Axminster Turnpike; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, living in and near the Towns of Honiton, Axminster, Custompton, and St.

Mary, in the said County of; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and-he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

: To prbve-the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Afktrwell Hill, through the Town of to

Penn Inn, and several other Roads therein mentioned, was read; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted and Powers given Trustees for the Second District of Roads therein mentioned for repairing the fame.

Then Mr. Robert Gidley informed your Committee, that the Trustees for the said District have made agreat Pro-grels in the Repair of the said Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money On the Credit of the said Act; but that the Repairs of the said Roads cannot be - completed, and the Money now owing be repaid, unless

the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and the Tolls payable on the said Roads increased; and the Witness said, that the several Roads described in the Petition leading from the Town of Honiton, zee in a ruinous Condition, and narrow iq maOy Places, and dangerous for Passengers; and cannot be repaired and widened by ^the ordinary course of Law.

1

A. 1765.

Mr. Thomas Rawlins, being examined, confirmed Mr.

Gidley's Evidence; and added, that the Road from the -Town of Axminster, to a Place called Gate, is

very narrow in some Parts, and much out of Repair: and that the Laws in being are ineffectual for the Repairs thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for; enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse, at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place called Quandoe's Gate; and also several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid: And that Sir George Yonge and Sir John Glynne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, Donnington to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open tndofure. Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Donnington, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the f louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrafted.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Com- stiutf. rd pion Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Incloluie. Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Township and Hamlet of

Skutford, in the Parish of Swacliffe, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the said. Township and Hamlet, a large Open and Common Field, called Skutford pon lifting of 40 Yard Lands, or thereabouts, together with feme odd Lands, and containing together 900 Acres, or thereabouts; that the several Estates in the said Field lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the said Common Field, and Commonable Lands; or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Townshend and Mr. Charles Tcnvnjhend do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

' Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from Army; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill M"l^|,3r for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better De*enion> Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill

50 — 6° Februarii

Exportation

oi '

&c.

Somerton

Inclosure.

Crawcrook

Inciolurr.

:a

Cattle

imported

lrom

Ireland*

Jaquery’s (and others)

*ViU

5 Geo. IIL 6° Februarii.

A Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheatep Meal, Flour, Bread, Bilcuir, and Starch, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.,

ResolvedThat the Bill |?e committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornings resolve itt'elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of William Fermo, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Somerton, in the County of Oxford., on behalf of himself, and of Barefoot Watson, and

Benjamin Holloway, Clerks, and the Schoolmaster of So*

merlon for the Time being. Owners of all the Lands and Tythes lying, being, and arising, within the Parish of Somerton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Common Field, with divers Common Pastures and Common Meadows thereto belonging, lying within the said Parish, computed to con-liu of 48 Yard Lands and an Half, and contain together by Ellimation i,800 Acres or thereabouts, which, in their piclent Situation, afford but little Profit to the respective Owners; and, while they remain uninclosed, are incapible of Improvement: And therefore praying, in behalf of himself and the red of the Persons interfiled. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Field and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Kcftrictions, as to the JHouse shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur* fuaiit to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Morton, and Lord Charles , <lo prepare, ancf bring in the fame.

A Ptt’tion of John Hall Esquire, William

Farquharson, Elqui, re, and Jane. , Widow, Lords

and lady of the Manbr of Cin the County of Fur ham, and allb of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, heing Freeholders and Owners, of, or iqterested in, several Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds therein mentioned, for and o^ behalf of themselves, and the federal other Freeholders arid Owners of, ana Persons interested in, the fame, was.prdlented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That.'there are Th,ree Curjimon, Town Fields lying with in the lSi$ M?nor and Townflijp, called the East Field, the WejjF;V/^,:amj the Middle Field, containing

709 ActyS or thereabouts-;'and that the Petitioners agd Others are thp Owners of all the Lands and Grounds within the said Common Town Fields; And are allb entitled to certain, Stints, Pasture Gates, or Cattle Gates’ within and upon the Lands of each other within ^he lame, during certain Sealons i f the Year; arid alleging, that the said Lands and Grounds lie intermixed arid dif-perfect ;jir final) Parcels, and are, in their presentSituation j very inconvenient, and incapable of ImpfoVyVne'nt; ahcftiiat the Petitioners arc desirous that the same may be divided and in'closed: And therfforO praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prgver of the said Petition: And that. Mr* Vane and Mr. L)\pn tO'prepare, and bring in, the fame.*

A'. Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Refo'veJ/^hit the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That, this House will, upon F\iejday Morning nexi, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.An ingrafted Bill, ft)r naturalj^ing John Elias J$query, peter Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Heuriod, John James Vol. 30.

. . r a t - 1

Ofvald, and John Francis Anthony , was read the Third Time. ,. ‘

Resolved j That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Elias Samuel Dar bonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James,

and John. Francis Anthony Rivaz.

Ordered, That Mr. Touchet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

s f

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed.

The Lord Carysfort accordingly reported from the Ciid Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to, the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into England, from fr

1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing from what Countries, with the Amount of the Duty paid thereupon: And also, .

The Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrdwn Silk exported from England, from Christmas 1758 ho Christmas 1763; distinguishing to what'Coiintri&y with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon» And ilfo,-'!

The Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks imported into England, from Christmas 1738-40 Christmas 1763; distinguishing from what-CountrieS, with the Amount of the Duties paid thereupon; And

also, '..... - ‘ -i- f

The Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks exported from England, from 1758 to

Christmas 1763; distinguishing to what> Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon; be referred to the Comn ittee. to whom the Petition of the Bailiff^ Wardens, Aifiliants, -and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great;

is referred.

The House'was moved, that an Act, made jq the 26th Year, of the Reign of, his late Majesty King <George ,'the Second, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Pre-r fervat iqri of thp public Highways and Turnpike. Road's of this Kingdom, and for the more effectpal execution of thp Laws relating thereto, might be read.

And the same was r^id accordingly,.

The House was also, moved, that an Act made in the a8th Year of the Reign of his said iate Majesty, intituled, ;An Act to amend an Act,‘made in the 26th Yfar of the Reign' of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads oftfiis Kingdom, apd fion the more effectual’execution of the Laws relating thereto, might be read.

AncLtheiame.was read accordingly. ——

The House was also moved, that an Act made in the 30th Year of rhc Reighof his said l^te Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment Irid Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, might be read.

: Andihelktne beingirhad accordingly; i >.. 1 iRefalvad, Thai- this; House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself infio>a. Committee of the whole Houft^ to oonfidet of the said Acts.

A a A Petition

Marine

Forces.

Account!) Silk.

Acts

relating to

Highways.

Dalby’t

Petition*

Call of the Hoofe.

Ways and Means*

Supply.

Southwark

to

P*rrford

Roads.

A Petition of Francis Dalby for Red refs, in relation to feme Ships impressed into the Government Service, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the said Petition was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House was moved, that the Instruction, which. Upon the 7th Day of Marchlaft, was given to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they should consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the Colonies and Plantations in America, towards defraying the necessary Charges of defending, protecting, and securing the fame, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Report, which, upon the 10th Day of the same Month, was made from the said Committee of the whole House, together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of proper Methods for raising a Revenue in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the necessary Charges of defending, protecting, and securing; the feme.

Then the House resolved itself into the said'Committee.

1 Mr. Speaker left the Llhair.

Mr. Hunter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hunter reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hunter ilfo acquainted the House, that he was dirpCted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee’of the wfyole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for i?if-lrig the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of (he whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 die;

Anno 5® Georgii III"' Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees assembled at a General Meeting, for putting in execution an Act made in the zzd of Iris late Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the East End

A. 1765.

oi New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees for putting the said Act in execution have opened and made a new Road from New Street, in Southwark, to the South End of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Deptford, in the County of Kent, where the feme falls into the great Road leading from the Stones End, iu Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford; and that the Trustees of the said New Roads have been obliged to borrow large Sums of Money, for the speedy making thereof, and keeping the same in proper Repair; and that the Tolls are not sufficient to discharge the annual Interest of the Mortgage Debt, and the Expence of repairing the said Road j and that the said Tolls are higher in several Cafes than those which are imposed on Carriages passing on the Kent Road; arid alleging that the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that the Trustees for repairing the Roads from the Slones End, in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, in Southwark, to the Lime Kilns

near Black Heath, and other Places, have lately petitioned for a Bill to enable them to lessen, and alter, or vary, the present Tolls taken on the said Roads, and for fevc-xal other Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the Trustees last mentioned are enabled to lessen, alter, or vary, their feid Tolls, that a particular Injury will arise to the Tolls of the said New Road therefrom; and that the Interest of the Mortgagees thereof will be greatly affected thereby; and that the Trustees for the Kent Roads are enabled to make great yearly Savings from the Receipt of their Tolls; and these Petitioners apprehend, the Tolls upon the Kent Roads have been considerably benefited, from Carriages, Hofrfes, and Cattle, passing from divers Places through the said New Road into and upon the Kent Roads; And therefore praying, That the Trustees of the said Kent Roads may be empowered to appropriate feme yearly or other Sum of Money, out of their feid Tolls, in and towards the better Support of the said New Road, or that the Petitioners may have such further or other Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, assembled at a General Meeting, and others, for putting in execution several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in Kent Street, and Ber-mondsey Street, in Southwark, to the Lime Kilns near Black Heath, and to the Town of , and to the extent

of the Parish of Lewisham next Bromley and ham, in the County of Kent, is referred: And that they do'examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fapie, as it Than appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields of North Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, was presentc4

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petir tioners Estatesinthe said Fields lie intermixed anddife perfect in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences do arise; and the said Fields are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation, but are very fit a'hd proper to be inclosed: A nd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields of North Kilworth aforesaid, according to every Pertbn’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Thomas Palmer, and Mr. Bef, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

and

6°-~70 Februarii.

North

Kilworth

Inclosure*

/*u;r

5 Geo. III. f F 91

Bawtry. and principal Inhabitants; redding in the Counties of Chambers and have Power to t ,d for PeHbns, Papers,.

*'£'> Lincoln znd, Nottingham, whoCe Names are thereunto sub- and Records.

Roads* scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

forth, That the Road from Rawtry Bridge, in the County A Petition of ;the Gent!emen, Clergy, Freeholders,! of Nottingham,'through Seaforth to Holling Hill, and and other Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, whose

through Everton, by Drake Holes, and through Gringley Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the and Halkeringham, and over Swine Marsh to Walkereth House, arid read; Setting forth. That the Road leading Ferry, and through Part of the Town of Walkereth over item '.Barton Waterjide House, through RIsham Lane, to Walkereth Common, and through Morton and the Hamlet and from Brigg, along the Old Road through; of Nonholme, and from thence, by or near to the Par- Uibaldftcw, Redbovrn, Waddingham Lane, and from thence fonage Bam, leading into the Road over GainJbarougF along the Old Street -through to the Turnpike

Middle Field through Towland Lane, and over Great Cor-’ Road at Rifeham Hedge Comer; and allb the Road front: ringham and Little Corringham Commons, and through theiEast End of Bigby Street, in Brigg, through Kett/eby Little Corringham and over Corringham Fields the Moor Low Latte, through Bigby up Bigby Hill, and from Leys, and Magden Moor, and through Hanfwell Lane to thence along the Old High Road through to

the Top of Harpfwell Hill; and from thence by or near, for Town; and also the Road from Sheggar Brigg, at the Spittle Inn, through Glentham, over Bishop Bridge, and East End of Kettleby Low Lane, through Howsham, as, through West Raisin, Middle. Raisin, and Market Raisin-, far as North Kelsey, in the Road from Brigg, to Market

and over Market Raisin Moor or Common, Tevelby Moo. and also the Road from the in or Common, to the new Bridge into Willingham Lord- Field, as far as the Church in (he Road from

ship, late a Warren; and through North Willingham and Brigg to Great Grimsby-, and also the Road from the North Willingham Lane; and from thence over Ludford George Inn in Barton, along the Caijlor Road to a Place North Field, Great Tows Sheep Pajiures, and Caljlhorpe in the Barton Field, called Barrow Bottom and also the Sheep Pasture, and through Ke/ftern Lane, and over Kel- Road from Cajllethorpe Gate, through Town,

Jlern Sheep Pasture, Elkingt on West Field, and through to a Sheep Walk called Walk, as far as the Hill

E/kington, and over Elkington East Field, and through Top leading to Appleby-, and also the Road from Scalby - Thorpe Hall Lane to Thorpe Hall Mill, through Louth, Beck, along the Gainsborough Road, through Scalby Town,

across the East Field, betwixt the High and Low Butter. as.faras the West Field there, in the said County; are in Closes, and through Louth Park Lane, to or near Shed- a ruinous. Condition, nktrow, and incommodious, and dington Mill, in the County of Lincoln-, and ahb the Road- cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by

from West Raisin, through the Town of Toft, and: from the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, thence to Piiford Bridge,. in the said County , and also That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amend-from the great Road, about Six Furlongs West of Bishoping, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, Bridge aforesaid, through a Lane opposite to South Dales, ib such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. through the Church Piece, to Bishop Notion Conmion, in . Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the said County of Lwrw&r; and also from the great Road Confide: ation of a Committee: And that they do exa-in the Village of North Wil/ingham &hictiid, thrOugh a mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Lane there leading South to the Town of Six Hills, and (hill appear to them, to the House: , .

from thence to tb* direct 1’qad to llainton, to the Black- And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Lord Brownlow fipith’s Shop in Haintoh, in the said '.County Lincoln -, Bertie, Mr. Glover, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Au-and also the Road from the North. End of a Paftare. frere, Mr. Sir George Sir Thomas Pym

called Robin Hood, in the Hamlet of Morton, tin Hales, Mr. Bagot, Lord Mr. Mr.

Parjfh of Gainsborough, upon Morton Common, over , the Mr. Sir John. Glynne, Sir George Amyand, Mr<

Ferry id. Raft Stockwith, and from thence over Haxeft Ho//, Sir Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Qommoy, and through the 'Vo\sn%oI;CrvHound, Burnham, Mr. Garth, Mr., Sir >.Blacket, Sfr,

Epworth, and Belt oft, and from thence: toCr>/wle,\n the Robert Long, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Webb, Mr. ,*

said County of Lincoln-, and also ,the Road ,(romnSmw Mr. Kynaston. Sir Chatles AlordaUnt, L&Td Robert Bertie,

Sewer, upon Haxey Common, to, West. KitmaJd Tarty, in Mr. Sir fare it Smith, Lord iGariies, Lord,

h? said County of Lincoln -, are, in many Parts thereof. , Sir George . Pigot, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lowndes,

narrow, incommodious, and unlafe fur Travellers,: and Sir John Delaval, Mr. Qurry, Mrd Long, Mr. cannot; Ije effectually widened, and: repaired by the ordi- Mr.. Methuen, Sir George Methaifi; Mr. Luttrell, Mr. q$fy course of Taw: And therefore praying1, That Fairfax,.\Mx. Gilbert; and all -the Members who Leave may- be given to hringTriia. Bill for;repairing, serve. for., the Counties:..of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, widening, arid keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such’ and And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Manner as to the House shall ft'emnl<ret.> . - at. Five, of the Clock*; - in the: Speaker’s Chamber;

Ordered, That) the said Petition be referred to- the and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Consideration of a Committee.: And that they do eia- Records,.;.

mine Rie Matter thebedf ;t and report the iartie, aid it Mon.: . ‘ 1

shall appeal to them,'.to the House: , rn' A. Petition- rif the Justices of !*he.Peace assembled at

- And it^ ift referred - to Mr. Whichcot, Mr., Glover, the Genenal.Quartet Sessions of the-Peace..held At Loyd Brqwjftow Bertie, Sir John Delaval, Mr. tUftiey, field, so. aadfor the West Riding of it he County Qffork, $>lrr Fonnereau, Colonel Irwin, Lord Grey, .8\r jarrit, the >Grahd Juryv at- the same Sessiotts,. the Gentlemen, Smith, Lord Oath^rlough, Sir George Savile, Mr. Shuttle- Tradesmen.CkAhicrfi, and other. Manufacturers in the worth, Mr. Luttrell, M-r. Sandys, Mr. Townshend,\Mr.i same Riding, was presented to the JH-Ouse, and read; Ottrry, Mr. Parker, Mr. Methuen; Mr. Montagu,.Mr. Fitz- Setting forth, That the federal Alfts, made for the better-herbert, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. PreJ'cot,. Mr. Bislier, ascertaining the Length and Breadth, of Woollen Cloth, Mr. Burrell, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir ' John Glynne, Mr. Gil- made in the West Riding.of the County of York, and bert, Lord Mid!e)on, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth there, Mordaunt. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Wood, h»ve been 1 found, by Experience, not only to be inetlec-Mr, Fernon,. Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lewis, tual, but, on the contrary, by the unreasonable stretch- Mr. Cholm ley. Sir Henry Bridgman, Sir Robert Long, ing and draining of the fame, and other ill Practices now Mr. Long, Mr. Nugent, Lord..S/) j«^, Mr. Shiffnec, aixl. used, the said Cloth is become debated, undervalued, all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, and discredited, both at Home, arid in Foreign Parts, Nottingham, York, and LeicesteriAnd they are to meet where great Part hath been usually vended, to the great this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in, the Speaker’s Detriment of the P-ersons concerned in the said Manu-V01,. 30. , ' feature.

Barton

Wttcrfide

House,

Sec*

Roads,

Woollen Cloth Manufacture.

9* 7 Fzbrnarii. A* 1765';

fastuhe, and to the Kingdofn in general; and alleging, that the Petitioners the Clothiers are also exposed to great Grievances, by reason of the Penalties to which they are by the said Acts made subject; and which; nbt-withstanding their tltmost Care for that Purpose, they cannot oftentimes avoid; and therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and, either by repealing the several Acts therein before mentioned, and in lieu thereof making some other such reasonable Provision for the entire Prevention of the Frauds, Abuses, and Deceits, committed in the said Manufacture, or by such other Means as the House shall think meet, for the Relief of the Petitioners, from the Hard-ships they now lie under, and the effectual preventing kite Frauds and evil Practices above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir George Armitage.

Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Mr. Best, Mr. Mr.

Harbord, Lord Gar lies, Mr. Lord Grey, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Bagot, Mr. , Lord Strange, Sir

'John Glynne, Mr. Edmonfto, Mr. Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jefferies, Lord Howe, Mr. Ridley, Lord Warkworth, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Harry Powlet t, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Sir Waller

Blacket, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bull, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Walter Bagot, - Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Bulla, Sir Gharles Bunbury, Sir Charles Kemys Sir George

Pigot, Mr. Montagu, Sir George Amy and-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Lane after, Westnioreland, Durham, and

Northumberland; and all the Merchants of the House; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloek; in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all Who Come are to have-Voices.

Biddenden A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-and holders, and others, of the County of was pre-

felted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of‘Kent, to Pluckley Hill, from thence through Chairing Town to Bound Gate, which adjoins to the Turnpike Road from Afford to Faversham, in the said County, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in several'Places, narrow and incommodioifs, and cannot be effect ual ly' amended; widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair; in such Manner as to thC House shall seem meet. .:

Ordered, That the laid1 Petition be referred to; the-Consideration of a 'Committee: And that they do1 ekiu mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, asdt {half appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred toMiiB SirthontasPy Mr.

Hiniter, Mr. Willy, Mr. Mri Walcot, Mt^Shiffner,<

M r. Kyndfttm , Dotd Grey, Sir John , Mr, WHch-

cot, M r. Phrkfr, Lord Strange, M r; Sandys) Mt. 'Ed^' mo>tftene, Nlv. Shelley,- Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bttller,< Mr. Burl veil, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bacon', Sir Charles, Hardy, Sir' Georgt Tdhge, General Howard,' Ibrd Robert Bestir, Mr: Tewnjhend, > Mr iHewett, Mr. Gafeoyne, 'Sir: Jafrit Smith, Mr.: Huffey, Mr, Keppell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Mr. Mellish, Mr. Eames, Me. Scudamore, Sir diaries bury, Sir RbgeP Newdigate,

Mr:’Gray, Str Charted Mor daunt. Sir Mr.!

Bagot, Mr. Norris, Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Montagu, Mt. De Grey-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and and for the Oincjuc'

Ports:- And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to‘lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

>4

Mr. Prefect reported from the Committee, to whom SibteS the Bill for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte, and Davicl Francis Sapte, was committedf That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tb be true; and that the Committee had directed Him to' report the Bill tb the House, without any Amendment;' and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrollecf.

An ingrdffed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Donnington Commons, Common Fields, Meadows and Grounds, . lodofuw. lying in the Hamlet of Donnington, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold in the Coilrtty of Gloiictfter, was redd the Third Tittle.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Corhmon Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Donnington, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to Athatlow* Whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and °" the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Alhaltows on the . church? Wall, in the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of tho Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the' Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;' and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the H'ouse; and he read the Report in his"

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the ClerkV Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.'

Saint John Burroughs being exkminfed, said, That the Church of the said Parish is a very aricie'nt Building, and is in a'very ruinous Condition, that hf was Churchward den in the Year 1760, when £.300 was expended in tht*

Repair of the West End of the said Church; and that it1 is now in very bad Repair at the East End, and the Walls art the South Side are ready to fall down. _ ’

Mr. Strickland' Holden, a Surveyor, informed your Committee, that hfe had iurveyed the said Church, and found it in a very'ruinous Condition, and that he does? not think it capable of being repaired, so as to render it fafeand commodious for the Inhabitants to relort to, tai attend Divine Service; that, in order to render the Pal-lage to and from the said Church safe and commodious,' it will be necessary to pull down and rebuild the Parfdn-age House belonging to the said Parish, and to purchasb a (mail Spot of Ground adjoining thertto, together wifi? aTeriementstanding thereon; and also Two other Tmalf Pieces of Ground for enlarging the Church Yard: Ahdr the Witness laidj that the Expence of rebuilding thd Church,'and completing the other Works nebefidry to be doni, will cost about /.4,000.

The, Reverend 'Ben Mence, Rector of the(aid Parish, being examined, said. That the Paffoiiagd House belonging to the said Parish is in*a Very ruinous Condition; that he has been Rector about Five Years, ddrin«f whicftTirrie he has expended £.400 in sup'portirtg the fai'd Pkfloriage House; and that he thinks it is uecefl’ary-to pulfdovyu and rebuild the lame. 7

Ordered, That Leave' be given to bring in a Bill fd? rebuilding the Parish Church of Alhallows on ihc id this City of London, and for rebuilding thp House betong-

ing to the Rector of the said Parish, and for jurchafing' several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious: And that Sir Ladbroke

and Mr. Willy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Bourne the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of, Drainage, and others interested in, certain Low and Fen Lands or

Marllies,

5 Geo. III. 7° Februarii. 93

Marshes belonging to or lying in or near the several that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Parishes, Townships, and Places of Bourne, Dike, Caw- several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed thorpe, Morton, Harmthorpe, Hackonby, Stainfield.. Dunfby, him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Rippingale, Kirkby, Dowjby, AJlackby, Ringfton, Graby, Mil- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-thorpe, Poynton, Semperingham, Billingborough, Horbling, ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

Sway ton, Helpringham, Little Hale, Great Hale, Hecking- were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, . ton, Afgarby, Howell, Ewerby, South Kyme, Bicker, Don- One by One; and upon the Question severally put

nington. Quadring, Quadring Hundred, Gosberton, Sur- thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them,

Jleet, Boston West, Skirbeck Quarter, Wyberton, Framp- agreed to by the House.

ton, Kirton, Algarkirk, Fosdyke, Sutterton, Wigtoft, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Swineshead, Brother Toft, and Pinchbeck North Fen, in ingrafted.

the Parts of Kesteven or Holland ',in the County of

Lincoln, was referred, That the Committee had exa- A Petition of the Proprietors and Mailers of the fe- Silk

mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had veral Silk Works, in the Town of Derby, was presented Manufa&me.

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, belidea

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his the Works erected many Years since by the late Sir

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Thomas Lombe, for Throwing of Italian Organzine Silk,

Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- by which that valuable Branch of Business was introduced eth; viz. into these Kingdoms, there have been erected several

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John other Works in the said Town for the Throwing of Digby and Mr. Samuel Jackson, being severally examined. Silk, in which many Hundreds of poor people, chiefly . laid. That the said Low and Fen Lands or Marshes are Ire- Women, and Children from about the Age of Seven questly overflowed and annoyed by Water, through the Years, have been till of late constantly employed; but. Inefficiency and Decay of their Outfalls to the Sea; that by a Stagnation in the Trade, owing, as the Petitioners the said Lands or Marshes are very capable of being most humbly conceive, to the Importation, not only of drained and improved, but that the same cannot be done Foreign Wrought Silks, but the large Quantities of without the Aid of Parliament. Foreign Thrown Silks, the Duty whereof bears no just

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Proportion to the Price of Labour in England, the draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Petitioners and their Work People are brought into Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the great Difficulties and Distresses: And therefore praying Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln: the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief as the And that Mr. Whichcot, Lord Brownlow Bertie, and Mr. House shall think meet.

Hunter, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Ordered, That the said Petition be-referred to the

Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition Mr. Holt reported from the Committee, to whom the of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty Wilford Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inha- of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers of London,

Poor. bitants in the Hundreds of Lots and Wilford, in the in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of

County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Great Britain, is referred: And that they do examine, on behalf of themselves, and all others chargeable with, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in and contributing to, , the Maintenance and'Relief of the the Petition now presented.

Poor within the said Hundreds, except the Gentlemen,

Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Wood-\ Message from the Lords, by Mr and

bridge and Framlingham, in the Hundred of Lots, was Mr. Pec hell:

’ referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter Mr. Speaker,

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill-fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Mak Dutie*, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, for the C'

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and

as followeth; viz. Sixty-five, without any Amendment: And also,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, }Xr. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bringing Samuel Kilderbee and Mr. William Truelove said, That the Act for extending the Time granted by an Act, passed Poor within the several Parishes in the said Hundreds so the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Coforie*. (except the Parishes of Woodbridge and Framlingham) are for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import their greatly increased, and are maintained at a much greater Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places Expence than formerly; that if the Poor were put under ceded to France and Spain, by the late Treaty of Peace, proper Government, and a Place provided for their gent?- upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have ral Reception, they would be more effectually relieved, been liable to, if the same Places had remained in His and it would greatly tend to the Relief of the Inhabitants Majesty’s Possession, without any Amendment: And of the said Hundreds. also.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Office*

the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Ad to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua-Hundreds of Loesand Wilford, in the County of Suffolk:fify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to Bmptorm

And that Mr. Holt and Sir Charles Bunbury do prepare, indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and bring in, the fame. Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to

register, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Wadhurst, Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading those Purposes; without any Amendment; And also,

Ro#d* from Wadhurst Town, in the County of Sussex, to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Podfngton Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, lodoiute.

Hardlngftoi)*

add

Cotton

Inclosur*.

in the County of Kent, and from the Top ot Pullens Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common-Hill, through the Parishes of Horsemonden, Marden, Yal- able Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Pod-den, and West Farley, to a certain Place, or Street, called ington, in the County of Bedford, without any Amend-

West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, was com- rnent: And also,

mitted, That the Committee had examined the Ailega- 1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and A ft fqr dividing and inclosing the Open Com mop Vol. 30. B b Fields

94 7* Februar \ 1765.

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Ground, within the Manors and Parish of Hardingftone and , in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment; And also,

Thud’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act (aadMhen) ftjr naturalizing John William , John James Lang, Jacob Nadal, and Christophe Henry Baumer, without any Amendment: And also,

Lang’* The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act N,t* for naturalizing Ltider Lang, without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Forfeited; The House being informed, that Mr. Rpive,. from Estates in tjje Treasury, attended at the Door j he was called in; cot ' and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " 1764, Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Effetes ii\ Scotland, to the Lords Commi (sioners " of His Majesty’s Treasury, which by an Act of the " 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is dfeefted to " be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

And then be withdrew.

- And the Title-of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do.lie upon. the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. from the

Whale Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at Finery. was caged in1; and, at the flar, presented

to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, -

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland , with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Whale Fins and Oil each Ship has imported; from the 10th of October 1763 to the 10th of October 1764. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among ft the other Papers of this Session,

Distressed A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners confined for Debtors. Debt in the Ward of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, for themselves and other Prisoners within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

High Price A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and of Wheat, County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was pre- fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Prices of all Sorts of Grain, particularly Wheat, for a considerable Time past, have been, and now‘are, very high, and are still advancing in the Markets of the said Town and the adjoining Counties, owing, in a great Measure, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the large Exportation of Corn from this Kingdom; the Continuance of which must consequently more enhance the Price of Bread and other Provisions, and inevitably distress the . j>oor Manufacturers and Labourers, and their families: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confide rat ion, and to apply such Remedies for the Ticmoval and Prevention of lo great a Grievance, as to "the House shall seem most expedient.

‘ Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the '>, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheateo. Meal,

;. 16

Flour, Bread, Bifouit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited, is committed.

A Bill to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk, heretofore Hancoro’s called Richard Hancorn, and his Heirs Male, to take Name, and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fon-nereau, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Parker, Mr. Tuck-field, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Stephens, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Byde, Kir. Delaval, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Willoughby,

Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Vansittart, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Morton, Lord Carysfort, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Drax, Lord Grey, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Gilbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Suffix: ARd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oif the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Owners Wareham and Occupiers of Lands, in the County of Dorset, whole Road*. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner! find, by the Votes of the House, that Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair and good Order, several Roads leading from die Market Crffs in the Town of Wareham, in the County of Darfet; and alleging, that in case any Turnpike Gates (liquid be erected vey, near to the Towns of Wareham, Corse Castle, or Winborne, it would be a great Burthen to many of the Inhabitants of those Towns, as well as to many neighbouring Parts of the County, who will have no Benefit of the intended Road; and the Petitioners humbly beg Leave further to represent, diat they apprehend the said Bill is, in itself, unnecessary, and will be ineffectual to answer any good Purposes, and, in its Consequences, prove oppressive, not only to the Petitioners, but to all Persons travelling to and having Bufinefe in the Towns of Wareham, Corse and

Winborne: And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the feme may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of sevend of the Inhabitants of the Town Ditto, and Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application made for the said Bill, for repairing the Roads from Wareham; and alleging, that in case any Turnpike Gate should be placed near the Entrance of the said Town of Wareham, it will prove very detriment tal to the Interests of the Inhabitants of the said Town j and that the Petitioners still feel the unhappy Effects of their late dreadful Fire; and therefore would humbly Rope, that no unnecessary additional Burden will be laid on that little Trade and Intercourse they still have with the neighbouring Parts of the Country: And therefore imploring the House that some Provision may be inserted in the Bill, to prevent the erecting of Turnpike Gates within the Distance of One Mile and a Half from the '

Market Cross of the said Town of Wareham-, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, respecting the placing the said Turnpike Gates.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Ditto, and Borough of Corse Castle, in the County of Dorset, and of fevclal Gentlemen, Freeholders, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, near the Towqs of Wareham and tCorfeCqfile, whose flame* are thereunto subscribed, was

also

Blondeau’s

Name.

East India Company; Qualification of

Proprietors.

Wrotham

to

Godstone

Road.

Fish and Rabbit Stealing.

Newton Abbot Road I.

Geo. III. 70 Februarii. 95

also prefepted to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the Application made for the said Bill for repairing the Roads from Wareh; and representing to the House, that the Turnpike Road, intended by mch Bill, leading from Wareham, through the Borough of Corse Castle to Szvanwick, is entirely unnecessary, and can

be of no public Utility; and therefore the Petitioners hope that l'uch Part of the said Bill as relates to the Road leading from Wareham through Corse Cajile to Swanwick, will not meet with the Sanction or Encouragement of the House; and praying, that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, with respect to the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, with regard to the last mentioned Road.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Borough of in the County of Dorset, be brought in.

A Bill to enable William Nevill Blondeau, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hart, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant fiewitt, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Kynaft Mr. Fuller, Mr. thorpe, Mr. Hhrbord, Mr. Morton, Sir Walter Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Edmonflone, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Which cot. Lord Strange, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir William Maynard, Mr. JDrax, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sir George

Tonge, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. ‘Tozvn/hend, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Tho-

roton, Mr. Wedderburn, Lord Sir Mr.

Long, Lord Grey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. West, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Gray, Mr. Howard, Mr. Harvey, Lord Warkworth, Sir Charles Embury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick,

and Northampton: And they are . to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bolton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the regulating Qualifications of the Proprietors of East India Stock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of Kent and S«r^ry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, ,the Road . leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike :Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey: And that Lord George Sackville and Mr. Fairfax do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, is committed, that they have -Power to receive a Clause, or Clause?, for restraining Persons keeping Rabbits upon or near any Sea Bank or Sea Wall.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to-wftom VoL. 30.

the Petition of the Mayor, Magi fixates. Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Harduels, in the County of Devon-, and likewise of the principal Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, redding near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads therein-after mentioned, in the said County of Devon, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Towns and Parishes of Newton Newton

bot, EastTeignmouth, West Teignmouth, Woolborough,

Cojnbintinhead ', Stokeintinhead, Saint Nicholas,

Haccombe, Saint Mary Church, Torrmoham, Abbots Kerf-well, King's Kerfwell, and Cockington, in the County of Devon; were (everally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in nis Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ^s followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. William Newcomin, Joeing examined, said. That the Roads from the South End of the Town of Newton Abbot, through the several Places mentioned in the Petition, to King's Ware Passage, are in general very ruinous and narrow, some Parts being not above 8 or 10 Feet wide; and that in mapy Places 'fwo Carriages cannot pass each other.

That the Road from King's Ware to Netbway which is about a Mile and H?lf, is so veiy narrow that a Carriage cannot pass.

That the Witness believes the fltatute Work has been done upon some Part of it, but he does not think the Statute Work can keep the Road in good Repair; that the Road is very hilly.

That the Road from King's Ware to Ledgwqy Cross is very often overflowed by the Tides; that the Water at high Tide flows Feet above the Road at Waterhead; but if Bridges and Causeways were built he believes they would carry off the Water; that the Creek at heady when it is high Water, is not passable without riding Feet deep in Water; that Carriages may go ps for as Waterhead, but nqt to Ware Town.

That the Road from Newton Abbot to King's Ware Passage is about Fifteen M*les in Length; and that if the Road was raised apd made Turnpike, it would Ipe passable at all Times.

That the Road from Waterhead to Ring's Ware Town is so very narrow as not to admit a Carriage; that there is no other Road for Carriages, ,it is the common Way for Horses and Carriages; and th^t the Carriages cannot pase through King's Ware Town; that the Road is not above 7 or 8 Feet wide.

That the Road from King Ware Town to

head is about 8 or 9 Feet wide; that the Road goes all the Way upon the Top of a Cliff; and in some Parts of it is not above 5 Feet wide.

That if the Road was wide enopgh.to receive Carriages, no Person has a Right to flop them from going, it being the public Highway of the Country.

That if ;the Parish was incliped to widen the Road for Carriages, he apprehends they have pot Power to do it without the Aid of Parliament, as the Road cannot be made 8 Yards wide through the Town of King's Ware without pulling down Houses.

That the Road from Nethzu to War borough is very narrow, fopae , Parts being not above 7 or 8 Feet wide; that the Road nearest to Churfton Ferrers is the wider and better Road.

That the Road from War borough Jo Smokey House is very ruinous and deep; and in some Places very narrow and rocky.

That all the Roads in general are very ruinous and bad, and cannot be fufEciently, repaired by the Laws in

befog-

Mr. William Floyd, being examined, said. That the

Road.

Newton

Abbot

Roads*

6 7* Februarii. ’ 1705-

Road from the South End of Newton Abbot to Kings Ware Passage is very ruinous and bad, and he apprehends it cannot be repaired by the Statute Labour.

That the Wit nets is concerned in bringing Fish from Dartmouth and Brixham to London; that the Carriages are allowed Four Hours to come from Dartmouth to Newton Abbot, which is Sixteen Miles.

That on account of the Badness of the Road he allowed 3 d.per Mile more than upon other Parts of the Road.

That the Road from Newton Abbot to Dartmouth is in some Parts tolerably good; but from Keybury Bridge to Waterhead is very bad.

That the Road from Smoky House to the Turnpike Road, between Newton Abbot and , is ruinous and narrow; that by Two Fish Carnages meeting, and not being able to pass each other, 4 or 5 Hours have been loft-.

And the Witness said. All the Roads in general are so very bad and ruinous that he does not think the Statute Work would repair them.

' That if the Road was carried to it would

open a Communication to Torbay.

And if the Road was made Turnpike, Carriages could pass King's Ware Passage; and that he does not apprehend any one has a Right to Hop this Road, as there is an uninterrupted Passage between King's Ware and Dartmouth; and that there is not any other Way

from King's Ware to Dartmouth, but through the Pal-sage, without going by Totness, which is 3 or Miles round, and the Road, as the Witness is informed, is very bad; and the Road now contending for being so dangerous has made Passengers go round by Totness; that the Road from Totness to Dartmouth is about 11 Miles in Length.

That the Road from Torkay to Newton Abbot, which is about 7 Miles, is tolerably good, except about 2 Miles this Side of Torkay; and he does not think the Stature Labour would repair the bad Part.

Mr. John Hozoe, being examined, said, That he had made a Computation of what the Tolls would produce upon the different Roads; that he made this Computation from his own Observation at Ford Gate, where he was placed from the 12th September to the 2d of October.

That the Number of Horses which travelled on the Peep Inn Road, for the First Week, were 8jq, which at id. per Horse, amounts to £. 3. 9 11 and the

Number upon the Dartmouth Road were 535, which at id. each, amounts te £. 2. 4 and that the Carriages and Cattle upon the Peep Inn Road amounts te 1 or. 10 d.\‘, and upon the Dartmouth Road to I3r- 1

That the Number of Horses, for the Second Week, upon the Peep Inn Road were 553, which amounts to £. 2. 6s. id. and upon the Dartmouth Road 376, which amounts to £. 1. nr. 4 d.and that the Carriages and

Cattle upon the Peep Inn Road amounts to nr. 9d.%t and upon the Dartmouth Road to 3r. 9 d.\.

That the Number of Horses for the Third Week, upon the Peep Inn Road were 422, which amounts to £. 1. 15;. $d. and upon the Dartmouth Road 315, which amounts to £. 1. 6s. 3 and that the Carriages

and Cattle upon the Peep Inn Road amounts to 4r. and upon the Dartmouth Road to 8r. %d.

And the Witness informed your Committee, that during these Three Weeks there were Three Fairs.

And being asked the Question, he said, he did not apprehend that the next Three Weeks would have produced so much.

Mr. George Morry produced to your Committee, a Computation of the Tolls from the 23d December to the 10th January, during which Time there were not any Fairs; and he likewise informed your Committee, that he made this Computation from his own Observation at Ford Gate, where he was placed, and had an Opportunity of seeing all the Passengers that passed the different Roads.

That the Number of Horses which travelled on the Dartmouth Road in that Time were 753, and the Number of Carriages were 10, and the Number of Oxen, Calves, and Sheep were 98.

That the Number of Horses which travelled on the Peep inn Road in the same Time were 1,308, and the Number of Carriages were Five, and the Number of Oxen and Sheep were 239.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. James Garrett, being examined, said, That the Road from the East End of Newton Abbot to Keyberry Bridge \s,in some Parts, 12 Feet wide, and in other Parts wider, and the Soil is pretty good; that the Statute Work would repair the Road from Woolborough to Keyberry Bridge.

That the Road from Combintinhead to the Passage House in Shaldon is so very narrow, that in many Places Two Horses cannot pass each other without great Difficulty; that there are many Cliffs to ride over, which are vety dangerous; that the Soil is in some Parts gravelly, in some Parts clayey, and in other Parts rocky.

That the Road from Keyberry Bridge to Torkay, which is upwards of Seven Milos, is in many Parts very narrow and founderous, that the narrowefl Part is not above Six Feet wide.

That the Road from Keyberry Bridge to Cockington is rather worse than the rest, and is very founderous, hilly, and narrow.

That Carriages may go to Torkay from Keyberry Bridge, but not without great Danger; that he does not remember any Carriages have passed that Way.

That the Road from Kingskerwell to Keyberry Bridge, and the Road from Kingskerwell ' to the Point of the Lane, coming into the Road from Keyberry Bridge to Newton Abbot, are not above Half a Mile from each -other, and in some Places not so much.

That the Road from Keyberry Bridge to Cockington does not go through the same Village of as

the Road from Newton Abbot to Five Lanes; one Road touches at the End of the Village from Newton Abbot to Five Lanes, and the other goes through the Village.

That the Road from Cockington to Torbay is not more than Half a Mile, and the Road from Paington to bay is about a Quarter of a Mile.

That Cockington is not a Borough Town, but more than a Village, but does not know whether a Market Town, or not.

After Passengers have passed over Keyberry Bridge they come upon a Down; where all the Roads branch upon the Down; that the Road upon the Down is not inclosed, by which Means the Passage cannot be flopped but at Keyberry Bridge.

That the Statute Labour is not sufficient to amend these Three Roads.

That the Road from Coombe's Cellar to Shaldon is impassable till the Tide is half ebbed out, and then Carriages cannot pass, because they cannot turn.

Mr. James Pike, being examined, said. That he was employed from 14th December to 3d January, to take an Account of Tolls, that he was stationed at Ford Gate in such a Situation as to be able to fee all the different Roads, during which Time there were not any Fairs; and he produced to your Committee an Account of the Tolls to be taken (according to the Tolls under the Totness Road Act) upon the Road between Ford Gate and Shaldon, for the First Week, which amounted to £. 1. 6s. 11 d.for the Second Week to 1. 4 od.%, and for the Third Week to £. i.- £S.

That the Tolls from Ford Gate to Torkay for the First Week, amounted to £.1.2 7 for the Second Week,-to i$s. od.$; and for the Third Week, to j8r. 2 d.$.

That the Tolls from Newton Abbot to Cockington, by Keyberry Bridge, for the First Week, amounted to 17

5 Geo. III. 70 Februar 97

8 \d.; for the Second Week, to i i id.-, for the Third

Week, to 17 s.$d.

That the Toils from Newton Abbot to for the First Week, amounted 1 6 for the

Second Week, to 19J. 4 d.; and for the Third Week, to

£.1. iu. 9! \d.

That he was very particular in taking this Account; that he knew most of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes upon all the Roads, and those that he did not know, he asked which Road they were going.

That he does not know any particular Reason for the Conflux of Passengers, but he believes th Road must have the Advantage, as the Season for Cabbage Plants was coming in, which occasions great Traffic on the Road. /

John Blake, Esquire, informed your Committee, That

the Fish Carts from Btixham, Torkay, Cockington, ton, and Dartmouth, travel through these Roads in their way to London, and that if they were repaired he apprehends they might save an Hour in travelling from Brixhamto Newton Abbot; that they are allowed

Three Hours to do it in, but they are in general Three Hours and an Half} that his Carriages have broke down between Brixham and Newton Abbot by the Badness of the Road; and that if thele Roads were' made Turnpike the London Markets would be supplied with Fish about an Hourfooner than at present.

Mr. William Floyd further said, That the Badness of the Road from Brixham to Newton Abbot damages the Fish; that the Carriages are allowed Three Hours to travel from thence, but they seldom perform it in that Time; that he knew a Carriage that was stopt Eleven JHours by the Badness of the Roads; and not having another Carriage ready to carry the Fish in the room of that which broke down, was the occasion of this Delay.

That if a Fishery was established at , he

does not apprehend it would answer so well as that at Brixham.

_ Mr. James Pike further laid, that he travelled the

Road from Newton Abbot to Keyberry Bridge j that it is a very good Road at all Times of the Year; but the Road from Keyberry Bridge to Shaldon is very crooked, deep, and narrow, lies upon the Cliff, and has many dangerous Turns, and is full of Water; the Road to Torkay is the best of the Three Roads, over the Downs might be made good by very little Repair, but grows worse off the Downs, and is very rocky and bad.

That the Cockington Road lies low, and has much Water in it; in forae Parts it is so narrow; that theft is but just Room for a Chaise.

After Passengers get off the Bridge they come upon a large Down, and there is no other way of flopping the Three Roads but by placing a Gate at the Bridge.

That all the Three Roads are in general in very bad Repair, and he does not think the Statute Latxbut will be sufficient to amend them.

That the Road entering into Paington, between Cockington and Smoky House, which the- Witness called the Middle Road, is the ttfcareft Road, because it can be travelled in the least Time. - ’ '

The House was moved1, that the said Petitions might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the South End of the Town and Borough of Newton , in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Wool-borough, Abbotts Kerfwell, Kings , Marledon, Paing-

ton, Churst on Ferrers, Brixham, and , jto the

PaJJbge Way in Kingsioeare aforesaid, opposite the Town and Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and frffo the Road leading from the End (next adjoining to the Cud Town of Newton Abbot) of a certain Lane leading

\ol. $6.

out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot and Totnes, towards the Village of Abbotts Kerfwell, to and through that V illage to Five Lanes, in the Road before described; and also the Road leading from a Barn, lying near to Smoky House, in the Parish of Marledon aforesaid, called Langvers Barn, through the several Parishes of Marledon and in the said

County, leading to the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot and Totnes aforesaid; and also the Road leading from a Common called IF ar-

bor ough, through the said Parishes of Brixham and

Churston Ferrers, and the lower End of Fer-

rers Town, by a Blacksmith’s Shop there, to Monks Bridge, and from thence to Brixham Quay, in the said Parish of Brixham; and also the Road leading from the said Barn called Langvers Barn, through the said Parishes of Marledon and Paington, to the North End of Paington Town, within the said Parish of; and

also the Road leading from a Place called Keyberry through the several Parishes of Woolborough, -

head, Stokentinhead, Coffinfwell, St. Mary , and Tormoham, to Torkey;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "the South End of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbot, in the County of Devon," and inserting the Words " a certain Lane End between Newton Abbot and Keyberry Bridge, leading from Newton Abbot to Kings Kerfwell" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the WM: ('"

Tellers for the Noes, } 35-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all the Words after the Words " the said Parish of ."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houfo.

Then the main Question; so amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the South End of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbot, in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Wool-borough, Abbotts Kerfwell, Kings Kerfwell, Marledon, Paington, Churston Ferrers, Brixham, and Kingsweare, to the Passage Way in Kingsweare aforesaid, ‘opposite the0 Town and Borough of Cljten) Da j and

also the Road leading from the End (next adjoining to the said Town of Newton Abbot) of a certain Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot and Totnes, towards the Village of Abbotts Kerfwell, to and through that Village to Five Lanes, in the Road before described; and also the Road leading from a Barn, lying near to Smoky House, in the Parish of Marledon aforesaid, called Langvers Barn, through the several Parishes of Marledon -and Ip the said County,

leading to the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes aforesaid; and aHo the Road leading from a

Common called Galmpton Warborough through the said Parishes of Brixham and Churston Ferrers, and the lower End of Churston Ferrers Town, by a Blacksmith’s Shop then*; to Monks Bridge, and from thence to Brixham Qiiayfvn the said Parish of Brixham; and also the Road leading from the (aid- Barn called Langvers Barn, through the said Parishes of Marledon and Paington, to the North End of Paington Town, within the said Parish of Paing-

ton: And that tht Lord Howe, Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Shiff-ner, Mr. Sandys, and the Earl Thomokd, do prepare, and bring in, the some.

Mr. Huntert according to Order, reported from the

Ck . - Committee,

tMteblblloViak Mftnofc.n

Nturtori

Abbot

Roads.

98 70 Februarli. 17

Waytatid Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any C< py

Means- ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for rail- of any such Monition, Libel, Claim, Answer, Aileg, -

ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions, tion, Information, Letter of Request, Execuri- n, Iie-which the Committee had directed him to report to the nunciation, Inventory, or other Pleading, shall be in-House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de- grolTd, written, or printed.

livercdin at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

read; and are as followeth; viz. That a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings, Sterling Money, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or o That a Stamp Duty of Three Pence, Sterling Money, Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Appeal, Writ Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall of Error, Writ of Dower, ad quod damnum. be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Declaration, Plea, Statute Merchant, Statute Staple, Attestation, or Cer-Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading, or tificate. by any Officer, or Exemplification of any Re-any Copy thereof, in any Court of Law, within the cord or Proceedings in any Court whatsoever, within British Colonies and Plantations in America. the said Colonies and Plantations, except Appeals, Writs

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this/Committee, of Error, Certiorari, Attestations, Certificates, and Ex-

That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings, Sterling Money, emplifications, for or relating to the Removal of any

be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Proceedings from before a single Justice of the Peace. Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Special Bail, and That a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings, Sterling Mo-Appearance upon such Bail, in any such Court. ney, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Velhim or

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence, be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Writ of Cove-Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of nant for, levying of Fines, Writ of Entry for suffering a Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on Common Recovery, or Attachment, issuing out of, or which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Petition, returnable into, any Court, within the said Colonies and Bill, Answer, Claim, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, De- Plantations.

murrer, or other Pleading, in any Court of Chancery or Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Equity, within the said Colonies and Plantations. That a Stamp Duty of Four Shillings, Sterling Money,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or That a Stamp Duty of Three Pence, Sterling Money, Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Judgmen , Dc-Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall cree, Sentence, or Dismission, or any Record of Nfi be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Peti- or in any Court, within the said Colonic*

tion, Bill, Answer, Claim, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, and Plantations.

Demurrer, or other Pleading, in any such Court. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, Sterling Money, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be in-Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall grofled, written, or printed, any Affidavit, Common Bail, be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Monition, Libel, or Appearance, Interrogatory, Deposition, Rule, Order, Answer, Allegation, Inventory, or Renunciation in Ec- or Warrant of any Court, or any Dedimus Potefatem, clefiastical Matters, in any Court of Probate, Court of Capias, Summons, CompuKbry Citation, Com-

the Ordinary, or other Court exercising Ecclesiastical miffipn, Recognizance, or any other Writ, Process, Jurisdiction, within the said Colonies and Plantations. or Mandate, issuing out of, or returnable into any Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, Court* or any Office, belonging thereto, or any other That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be Proceeding therein whatsoever, or any Copy thereof, charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- or of any Record not before mentioned to be charged, ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be within the said; Colonies and Plantations, except War-°-ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Will, rants relating Jo Criminal Matters, and Proceedings -other than the Probate thereof,. Monition, Libel, An- thereon or relating thereto.

fwer, Allegation* Inventory, or Renunciation in Eccle- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fiastical Matters, in any such Court. That a Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds, Sterling Money, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-That a Stamp Duty of Two Pounds, Sterling Money, ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be in-be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or grossed, written, or printed, any Licence, Appointment, Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall or Admission, of any Councilor, Solicitor, Attorney, be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Donation, Pre- -Advocate, or Proctor, to practise in any Court, or of any (entation. Collation, or Institution, of or to any Bene- Notary, within the said Colonies and Plantations, fice, or any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose, or Resolved, That ij: is the Opinion of this Committee, any Register, Entry* Testimonial, or Certificate, of any That a Stamp Duty of Four Pence Sterling Money, be Degree taken in any University, Academy, College, or -charged Upon.every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-Seminary of Learning, within the said Colonies and ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Plantations, r ingrossed, written, Or printed, any Note or Bill of

Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lading, which shall be signed for any Kind of Goods, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, Sterling Money, Wares, or Merchandise, to be exported from, or any be charged upon, every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Cocket or Clearance granted within, the said Colonies Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall and Plantations.

be ingrossed, written; or printed, any Monition, Libel, - Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Claim, Answer, Allegation, Information, Letter of That a Stamp Duty, of Twenty Shillings, Sterling Request, Execution, Renunciation, Inventory, or other Money, be charged upon every Skm or Piece of Vellum Pleading, in any Admiralty Court, within the said Co- or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which ionics and Plantations. , shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, Letters of Mart,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jot, Commission for private Snips of War, within the That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be said Colonies and Plantations.

charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ChtumUtee,

That

/ . - V .:

.'!*»' *' ' t

5 Geo. III. 7 0 Feb ruari99

That a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Papes, on which shall be ingrotfed, written, or printed, any Grant, Appointment, or Admission, of or to any public beneficial Office or Employment, for the ipace of One Year, or any lesser Time, of or above the Value of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Sterling Money, in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, within the said Colonies and Plantations, except Commissions of Officers of the Army, Navy, Ordnance, or Militia, and of Justices of the Peace.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Six Pounds, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Grant of any Liberty, Privilege, or Franchise, under the Seal of any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or under the Seal or Sign Manual of any Governor, Proprietor, or public Officer, alone, or in conjunction with, any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, or any Council and Assembly, or any Exemplification of the fame, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, to be granted to any Person who shall take out the fame, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

ResolvediThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Four Pounds, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who shall not take out a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Three Pounds, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who shall take out a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Deity of Five Shillings, Sterling Money, lie charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a Will, Letters of Administration, or. of Guardianship for any Estate above the Value of Twenty Pounds of the same Money, within the British Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of America, the Islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands, except Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration to the Effects of common Seamen or Soldiers, who shall die in the Public Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Probate, Letters of Administration, or of Guardianship, within all other Parts of the British Dominions in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond, for securing the Payment of any Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds of the same Money, within the Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of,

VOL. 30.

the Islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands.

Resolved, that it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilhng, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond for securing the Payment of any Sum of Money above Ten Pounds, and not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds of the same Money, within such Colonies, Plantations, and Islands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond for securing the Payment of any Sum of Money above Twenty Pounds, and not exceeding Forty Pounds of the same Money, within such Colonies, Plantations, and Islands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which Hull be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Order or Warrant for surveying or letting out any Quantity of Land, not exceeding One hundred Acres, issued by any Governor, Proprietor, or any public Officer, alone, or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, or any Council and Assembly, within the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity of Land, above One hundred, and not exceeding Two hundred Acres, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or prinfed, any such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity of Land, above Two hundred, and not exceeding Three hundred and Twenty Acres, and in Proportion for every such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out overy other Three hundred and Twenty Acres, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Original Grant, or any Deed, Melhe Conveyance, or other Instrument whatsoever, by which any Quantity of Land, not exceeding One hundred Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within the British Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of America, the Islands belonging thereto, and the Beimuda and Bahama Islands, except Leases for any Term not exceeding the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Meme Conveyance, or other Instrument whatsoever, by which any Quantity of Land, above One hundred, and not exceeding Two hundred Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within such Colonies, Plantations, and Islands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence,

Sterling

Win and Means.

IOO

7° Februarii. A. 1765.

Ways and Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece Sale, Charter Party, Protest, Articles of Apprenticeship, Means. of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, or Covenant (except for the Hire of Servants not Ap-on which shall be ingossed, written, or printed, any prentices, and also except such other Matters as are such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Convey- before mentioned to be charged) within the ance, or other Instrument whatsoever, by which any Colonies and Plantations in America.

Quantity of Land, above Two hundred, and not ex- , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ceeding Three hundred and Twenty Acres, shall be That a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings, Sterling Money, granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in proportion for be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or every such Grant, Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Instrument, granting, , conveying, or assigning,- every Warrant or Order for Auditing any Public Accounts, other Three hundred and Twenty Acres, within such BenelicialWarrant, Order, Grant, or Certificate under any Colonies, Plantations, and Islands. public Seal, or under the Seal or Sign Manual of any

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Governor, Proprietor, or public Officer, alone, or in That a Stamp Duty of Three Shillings, Sterling Mo- Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with ney, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or any Council, or any Council and Assembly, not before Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall mentioned to be charged, or any Pass-port, or Lct-pafi; be ingossed, written, or printed, any such Original Surrender of Office, or Policy of Assurance, shall be Grant, or any such Deed, Mefiie Conveyance, or other ingossed, written, or printed, within the said Colonies Instrument whatsoever, by which any Quantity of Land and Plantations, except Warrants or Orders for the Ser- not exceeding One hundred Acres, shall be granted vice of the Navy, Army, Ordnance, or Militia, and Grants conveyed, or assigned, within all other Parts of the Bri~ of Offices under Twenty Pounds , in Salary,

tish Dominions in America. Fees, and Perquisites.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Four Shillings, Sterling Money, That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall Vellum or Parchment, or Siieet or Piece of Paper, on be ingossed, written, or printed, any such Original which shall be ingossed, written, or printed, any No-Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other tarial Act, Bond, Deed, Letter of Attorney, Procura-Instrument whatsoever, by which any Quantity of Land, tion, Mortgage, Release, or other Obligatory Instru-above One hundred, and not exceeding Two hundred ments, not before mentioned to be charged, within the Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within said Colonies and Plantations.

the same Parts of the said Dominions. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Three Pence, Sterling Money, That a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Velium or be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingossed, written, or printed, any Register, Entry* be ingossed, written, or printed, any such Original or Inrolment, of any Grant, Deed, or other Instru-Gfant, or any such1 Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other ment whatsoever, before mentioned to be charged, with-Instrument whatsoever, whereby any Quantity of Land, in the said Colonies and Plantations, above Two hundred, and not exceeding Three hundred Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Twenty Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or af- That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings, Sterling Money, signed, and in proportion for every such Grant, Deed, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-Mesne Conveyance, or other Instrument, granting, con- ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be in-veying, or assigning, every other Three hundred and grofled, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, or Twenty Acres, within the same Parts of the said Domi- Inrolment, of any Grant, Deed, or other Instrument nions. whatsoever, not before mentioned to be charged, within

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the said Colonies and Plantations.

That a Stamp Duty of Four Pounds, Sterling Money, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch- That a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, Sterling Money, ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be in- be charged upon every Pack of Playing Cards, which grofled, written, or printed, any Grant, Appointment, shall be fold or u(ed within the said Colonies'(md Pliut-or Admission, of or to any public beneficial Office or tations.

Employment, not before mentioned to be charged, above R.efolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, the Value of Twenty Pounds per Annum, Sterling Mo- That a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings, Sterling Money, ney, in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, or any Exempli- be charged upon every Pair of Dice which shall be fold fication of the fame, within the British Colonies and or used within the said Colonies and P. tations. Plantations upon the Continent of America, the‘Islands Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands, That a Stamp Duty of One Halfpenny, Sterling Mo-

except Commissions of Officers of the Army, Navy, ney,- be charged upon every Paper, commonly called Ordnance, or Militia, and of Justices of the Peace. a Pamphlet, and upon every News Paper, containing . Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, public News, Intelligence,' or Occurrences, contained That a Stamp Duty of Six Pounds, Sterling Money, on Half a Sheet, or any lefier Piece of Paper, which be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or shall be printed within the said Colonies and Plantations,

' Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall to be dispersed and made public, be ingossed, written, or printed, any such Grant, Ap- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pointment, or Admission, of or to any such public be- That a Stamp Duty of One Penny, Sterling Money, be neficial Office or Employment, or any Exemplification charged upon every such Pamphlet and Paper, being of the fame, within all other Parts of the British Do- larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding One Whole miniorls in America. ' Sheet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence, That there be charged, upon every Pamphlet and Paper,

' Sterling Money, be charged upon every Skin or Piece of being larger than One Whole Sheet, and not exceeding Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on Six Sheets in Octavo, or in a lefier Page, or not exceeding whiph shall be ingossed, written, or printed, any Inden- Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, ture, Lease', Conveyance, Chntraft, Stipulation, Bill of which shall be printed in the said Colonies and PlantA-19 tions>

Poor Laws*

Exportation

of

Wheat, Sec

5 Geo. III.

70 — 8° Februarii.

roi

tions, a Doty* after the ritfc of Twb Shill ings, Sterling Money, for every Sheet of any kind of Paper, which thafi be contained in One printed Cop'y thereof*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Advertisement* to be. contained in any Gazette, News Paper, or other Paper, or any Paflv-

pfolet, which shall be printed in the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Two Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Almanack, or Calendar* for any One particular Year, or for any Time lets thAh a Year, Which shall be written or printed on one Side only of any Onfe Sheet, Skin, or Piece of Paper, Parchment, dr Velluth, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

RefoJved\That it is the Opinion of this Gomthittee, That a Stamp Duty of Four Pence, Sterling Money* be charged upon every other Almanack, or Calendar, for any Ohe particular Year, which shall be written, or printed, within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That, for every Almanack or Calendar, written, or printed, within the said Colonies and Plantations, to serve for several Years, the said respective Duties be charged for every such Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, after the rate of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be charged upon every Twenty Shillings, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds of like Money, Which shall be given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with* or in relation to, any Clerk or Apprentice, which shall bfe put or placed to or with any M after or Mistrefe, to Jearn any rrofession. Trade, or Employment, Within the said Colonies and Plantations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty, after the Rate Of One Shilling, Sterling Mohey, be charged upon every Twenty Shillings, ih afcy Sum exceeding Fifty rounds of like Monty, which shall be given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, any llich Clerk br Apprentice-.

Rlfoived* That it is the Opinion of th^s Gofomktee, That every Skin, or Piece of Vellum of Parchment, dr Sheet or Piece of Paper* bn which ariy Iristrument* Proceeding, or btbtf Matter br Thing aforesaid* flihU be mgrdfTed, written, or printed, within the said Colonies end Plantations, in any Other than the English Language, be charged with a Stamp Duty of Double the Amount of the respective Duties before mentioned to be charged thereon.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this GomtbitWe, That the Produte of all the said Duties be paid into, the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer ') ami these referred, to be, from Time to Time, disposed of by Parliament, towards further defraying the necessary Expencgs of defending, protecting, and securing, thfc said Cok>mc9 add Plantations.

The said Resolutioits being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put theteu'pon, Agreed to by the House. . .;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought ih, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hunter, Mi. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, , Str Turner, Mr. Harris, of Chrifi Church, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Jenkinson, and Mr. Whately^ do pttparb, and bring in, the lame.

The other Orders of the Day being reid j

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Relief arid Employment of the Poor, within (hat Part of Great Britain called England, be read a Second Tithe To-motrow

Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee

Vol. 30.

Of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Export at ioriof Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread* Bif-cuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited.

t

And then the House a mounted till To-monow Morning* -Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8 °'dieFebruarii;

Anno 5*Gebigii III*14 Regis, 1765.

Pray brs.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Commonalty Launceston of the Borough of Dtmheved, otherwise Lam- Church and cqftonx in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the °r* House, and read j Setting forth. That the Parish Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the said Borough,-hath.

For Time immemorial* been repaired, and the Ministers and other Officers thereof paid, out of the Revenues belonging to the said Borough; and that the said Expences, ana other incidental Outgoings, are confidently more than the Revenue of the said Borough; and the Poor, notwithstanding their present Endowments, are very burthensome and expensive to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners, And the Free Biir-gesses of tire said Borough, and their Widow's, have a Right to, and from Time immemorial have eryoyed, the Asti^r-math, or After-grass, of several Common^, called Hay Windmill, Longland, and Great and Little giUams, within the said Borough and Parish, which, by reason of the Encroachments and Trespasses of the other Inhabitants of the said Borough and the neighbouring Parishes* who have no- Right thereto, is, in its present Situation* rendered of little or no Value; and that the Petitioners, the said Free Burgesses, and Widows, are defoous that the said Aftermath of the said Commons (liquid be yelled and settled in the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough, for the Time being, in order to be by them disposed of to the greatest Advantage, by letting the same > and that feme Part of the Profits arifcng therefrom may be applied in repairing the said Church, and maintaining the Minister and other Officers ' therStjo belonging* and the other Part of the said Profits may be applied for the Use of the Poor of the said Pa-,rish; but. as the same cannot be effected without the jAid of Parliament, Therefore praying, That Leave may be given, so bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purfoant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. JBnli, Mr. Whitworth, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Crewkerne Persons living in, neag, and usually travelling, the Road Road*

leading from a certain Water, called South,

which divides the bounties of Somerset and through the Parish of Miflerton, and to and through the Town of Crewkerne, in the said County of,

to the North End of a Lane* called in

the Parish of Stoke under Hambden, in the said County of Sotnerfet j and also the Road leading from a certain Other Water, which divides the said Counties of Sorner-set And Jberfet, called Brimhle Water, through the said

Parish of Miflerton, to the Dir ell ion Post at a Place

called houndJtam, in the said Parish of Crewkerne; and allb the Rood leading from the said Town of Crewkerne, over Clapton Bridge, to the Three Ashet, in the said Pa-rlfla of Crewkerne and allb the Road leading from

P d

102 8° Februarii. 1765.

Broadjkard, in the said Parish of Crewkerne, through An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, the Parish of Merriot, to Lopenhcad, within the Parish and for the better Payment of the Army and their of Lopen, in the said County of Somerset; was pre- Quarters, was read a Third Time, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

the Roads aforesaid are in a very ruinous Condition, be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and and, in several Places very narrow and incommodious, for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar* and cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Course ters.

of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be That Mr. Thomas do carry the Bill to

given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, amending the Roads aforesaid, by such Means, and

in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, Inha-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it bitants and Owners of Lands and Premises in or near shall appear to them, to the House: the Road leading from Leeds to Huddersfield, in the West

And it is referred to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Riding of the County of York, was referred, That Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bull, Mr. Bui- the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-

ler, ;>ir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr! Thomas tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Gore, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fanner cau, Sir Robert Long, Sir appeared to them, to the House; and he*read the Re-

Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Waller; 'Mr. Wood, Lord port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

lino ton, Mr. Paterfin, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as De Grey, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Sandys, followeth;

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Whitworth,. Mr. Egerton, Mr. . To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

- Glover, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Dr ax, John Battle being examined, said, That the Road from Mr. Bagot, Sir John Evelyn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Scuda- the Sign of the Coach and in Bur fall, to the Turn-more. Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Long, Mr. Butler, Lord pike Road at; and from a certain Place in

Grey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Clive, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Bradley Lane, where the Turnpike Road leading to EJ-Verney\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties land, and the Road leading to Huddersfield rrfeet, to the of Somerset, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they Town of Huddersfield-, is in a ruinous Condition, and, 'are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, cannot be repaired and widened by the present Method Papers, and Records* prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Kirkham. ' A Petition of William Thornton, Esquire, and others, amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the merton whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Coach and Horfies in to the Turnpike Poad at

Inclosure. the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are,; and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Ihul-

within the Towr.ship of K'trkhammerton, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of

Kirkhammerton, and County of York, several Open and And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Kynaston, and Sir Lionel Uninclosed Arable Fields, called the East Field, West do prepare, and bring in, the Cune.

Field, North Field, and South Field, or Little Field; »

and also a Common Stinted Pasture, called, the Lew Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Moor, which in their present Situation, cannot be lo -whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, much improved, or occupied to such Advantage as Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, of Kent, was referred, That the Committee had examined and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Petitioners and the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him others interested therein; And therefore praying, That to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:; Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such; livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was Manner as to the House shall leem meet. read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that William Rujfellsaid, That he knows the Road from the Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Wilkinson, Town of Tonbridge, in the County of Kent, to the.Vfl-do prepare, and bring in, the fame. lage of Mereworth, and from thence to Maidstone, in

the said County; and that the same is in a very ruinous Dunham A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dun- Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary ham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, Course of Law, but if repaired, would be of public Road. *n t.he County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time. Utility.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wiliough- A Member present confirmed the above Evidence. by, Mr. Norris, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Glover, Mr., Ful- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for hr, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bull, Mr. Gore, repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Mr. Wood, Mr. Shiffner; Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Maidstone, in the County of Kent: And tint Mr. Whit -Barrow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Alex- worth, Mr. , Mr. Fairfax, and Sir Brook Bridges,

tnder Grant, Mr . Ridley, Mr. Webb, Lord Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Campbell, Captain Ourry, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Whitxvorth,

Mr. Edmonfione, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Hewett, Sir Roger Newdigate, Order, a Bill for dividing and inebfing the Open Corn-Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Waller,: Mr. mon Fields and Meadow,, Common Pastures, and other Dr ax, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of -Robert Long, Mr. Long, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Glynne; ham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was and all the Members who serve for the Counties of, received; and read the First Time.

Nltingham, Lincoln, Derby, York, Durham, Northum- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. her land, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to in the Speaker’s Chamber. whom the Bill for the mote easy and speedy Recovery of

it fniall

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Burftall

to

Huddersfield

Road.

Tonbridgt

and

Maidstone

Road.

Lowd ham Inclosure.

Chippenham, Ac. Small Debts.

Geo. III. 8° Februari 103

{hull Debts within the Hundreds of , Caine,

and DUmerham North, and Lordship of in the

Counry of Wilts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Billr with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

B*lby Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom fcc *hc Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders r and other Inhabitants of the Counties of York and

Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afeer-. wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Robin/qnbeing examined, said. That the Road from Bally Pinfold, through the Towns of Bally Lover-Jail, Wadworth, ‘Tickhill, and Carlton, to Work-

fop, in the County of Nottingham, is in a ruinous Con-. dition, and very dangerous to Travellers, and, in many Places, deep and, narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Bally, in the County of York, to Work fop, in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. He, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Laf-celles, and Mr. Willoughby, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

'WfcDwtft. An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of in the County of Sufex, to the Turnpike Road at Pound and Pullen's Hill, in thfc County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsemonden, Mar den, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

*’ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of in the County of

sex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurfi Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill,- through the Parishes of Horsemonden, Mar den, Yalden, and Farley, to Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Alford, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Foads leading from Alford, by Miles Croft Hill, through Ulceby IP eft Field, and the Lane between Dex-thorpe and Langton, and through the Towns of Dolby. Partney, Spilsby, East Keale, West Keale, Stickford, Stick-ney, and Sibjsy, to Boston, and from thence to CozjO-bridge, near Boftonaforesaid, are in divers Places very deep and ruinous, and in others very narrow and in* commodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary courfie of Law: And jtherefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-Yol. 36.

pair the said Roads, ill such Manner as to the House shall seem. meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConCderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; apd report the fame, as.it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlozv Bertie, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Wood, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pd* terf on, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Lafcell Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Glover, Mr. TownjliendMr. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hunter, Mr.' Mr.

Foley, Mr. Dr ax. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr. Ster phens. Lord Gather lough, Mr. K Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Dodd, Sir Thomas , Sir Thomas

Palmer, Mr. Wi/fon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Shiftier, Lord.

Carysfort, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Long, Lord Coleraine, Lord Charles Mr.

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. De Grey,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Grey, and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Attcmoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting into SpaMing execution an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the '*

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the R0a4. Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Little-worth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of "Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining the High Road there, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting loith, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which has been duly applied in repairing and widening the said Roads; but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and the said Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and en-< large the Powers, of the said Act/ in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlozv Bertie, Lord Harry Powletl, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Waller, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr- Glover, Lord North, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fairfax, Sir

Walter Blackett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harvey, Lord Carysfort,

Mr. Crawfurd, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

StephenstMr. Clive, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Coleraine, M r. Rufti -out, Mr. Burt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Coventry,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Sir Charles Mt>rdaunt, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Parker, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Montagu, Mr* Norris, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Lord Verney, Mr. Townfltend, Mr Shafto Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Bagot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York,

Northampton, Cambridge, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the more eafv and speedy Reco- BUckheath, very of finall Debts within the Hundreds of Black heath of Bromley and Beckenham, of- Rokefly, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lefsness, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do' pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of

final!

Kcybfrry

Bridge,

&c.

Road.

Leave of Abfeaoe.

Brackley

Writ-

African

Settlements.

Marine

Forces.

High Price

t£ Wheat, &c

104 8° Febfuafii. A, 1765.

small Debts within the Hundreds of Black heath, Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokotherwise and

of Little and Lejptefs, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that the Petition of die Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants of the Towns and Parishe6 of Veuxten Buflielt, NeurtoH Abbott, EastTeigambuth, West Teignmouth,

Gombintinhead, Stokeira'mhead, Saint Nicholas,

Haccombe, Saint Mary Church, Tormoham, AbbotJherfvOell, Kingskerfveil, and Goekington, in the County of Devon, which was presented to the House upon the ith Day of January lad; and also the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee; to whom the (hid Portion was referred; might be again read. -

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fin-repairing and widening the Hoads from Keyberry Bridge, to the Passage at Shalldm, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon: And that Sir Robert Long, the Lord S/r<j*ge; Sir George Yonge, and Mr. Parker, do prepare, and bring-in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Hope Weir have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. ' 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Marshe Dickinson, Eftpiire, deceased.

Dr. Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Extract of a Letter from Captain Clevland, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship the

" Phienix, to Mr. Stephens^dated at the 15th

Atcguft 1764, inclosing his Report of the State and Condition of Forts and Settlements on the Coast of " Africa, in the Possession of the Royal Africa* Com*

" party:" And also.

An Account of the State and Condition of Forts, isle. on the Coast of Africa: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Governor s Return of

" the Garrison of Senegal, November 4th, 1763 And

also.

Copy of a Letter from Captain George Fatuhput, late Commander of His Majesty’s Sloop the Gfrrery to Mr.

Stephens, dated 13th September 1764, containing his Report of the State and Condition of the Fort at Together with a Schedule of the said Papers. -And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Wheft, Whcatett Meal; Flour, Bread, B.lcuit, arid Starch, for a Time to be limited;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fad 'Committee, that they have Power to extend the Provisions of the Bill so Ireland.

' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

’ Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevettd Amendments thereunto; which they hadx directed bim to report, When the House will pteafe to receive the frme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House fb resolve itself into a Cdrr'im'ittee of the Whole HoUfe, to andlwu* consider further of Ways and for faffing the

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will', upon Monday Mofh-iflg next; resolve itself into the said Committee.'

The Order of the Day being read; for the House to Supply, resolve -itself mto a Committee of the Whble House, to consider further of the Supply granted tb His Majesty;

Rejbhed, That this H-ouse Will, Uppn Monday Adorning next, resolve itfeff into the said Committee.

The BUI for the better Relief and Employment of the pgg, t Poor, in that Part of IStent Bri England, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Refohtd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Glume have Leave to make a CMMSfe Motion, it being after Three of the Clock., MaWfcfo.

And he moved t^c House accordingly.

And an Act made in the 26th Year of {he Reign of his. late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Ah -Act for the better preventing of Clandestine MafriagM, was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bjll to Repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for the better preventing of Ckndestine Marriages and to encourage and facilitate Marriages lo be solemnized in Churches or public Chapeh, , under. 4 Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages ibleronized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees: And that Sir John Glyttne, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. IVilbraham, Mr.

Fazakerley, and Mr. Eliah Harvey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was. read the Third Time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Accwmts; the Comtniftioners of the Customs, attended at the Wool, ic. Door; he waS called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hoafe, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool, Woollen, and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England, from Midfutnmer 1750 to Midsummer 1764; what Quantity each Year; and also the Ports from and to which the same Was exported and imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into England, from Chrijhnas 1.750 to

Christtn&s

8° Februa

DifcOTery of the Longitude.

Weight*

and

Measures.

5 Geo. III.

105

Christmas 1758; distirtguishing each Year, and from " what Countries, with the Amount of the Duty paid " thereupon: And also, "

An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Throwii " Silk exported from England, from *750 td "

Christmas 1758; distinguishing feach Year, and to what " Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought " Silks imported into England, from Christmas 1750 tt) " Christmas 1758; and likewise from Christmas 1763 to " Christmas 17641 distinguishing from what Countries, " and each Year, with the Amount of the Duty paid " thereon: And also, "

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought " Silks exported from England, from Christmas 1750 to " Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Country and each Year, with the Amount of the Drawback paid there- upon: Andflfo, ' "

An Account of the Quantity e Silks

exported, together with the Bounty paid upon the fame, " from Christmas 1758 so Christmas 1763; distinguishing " to what Countries the same have been exported: And also, 1' "

An Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures " exported from England to Italy and Turkey, from - mas L750 to Christmas 1758; distinguishing each Coun- " try and each Year: And also, "

An Account of the Value of Woollen Manufactures exported from England to Italy ^nd Turkey, from -.* mas 1758 to Christmas 17633 distinguishing each'Coun- " try and:each Year: And also, "

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought " Silks imported into England, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing the Countries, with the " Duties paid thereon’.'

And then.he withdrew. "

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts do lie' " upon the Table,1 to be perused by the Members of the House.!

Ordered, That the rest of the said Accounts be re- " ferred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the x< Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the " Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers of London, in " behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred. "

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other " Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington have Leave to " make a Motion: . "

And he moved the House accordingly.! "

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, " to consider of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for Discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experi- "

ments of PropOfals for discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort have Leave to make a Motion. - "

And he.moved the House accordingly. "

And the Refohitions, which, upon the 26th Day-of " May 1758, were repotted from the Committee appointed to inquire into: the original Standards of Weights- " and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider, the-Laws relating thereto, and to report their Observations- " thereupon, together, with their Opinion of the nvdft-ef-- " frftual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform (( and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be- tiled for the future; and which, upon the 2d Day of June following, were, with Amendments, to several ofr " them, agreed to-by the House; were, as agreed to by " the Hqufe, read; and are as followeth; viz.- "

" Resolved,. That it ia necessary, in older effectually " VOL.30.

to ascertain and enforce uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future', that all the Statutes relating thereto should be re-» duced into One Act: of Parliament; and all the said Statutes now in being, subsequent to the Great Charter, repealed."

" Resolved, That the Distance between the Twd

Points in the Gold Studs in the Brass Rod, described in this Report, and delivered herewith, ought to be! the Length called a Yard; and the Instrument, also herewith delivered, adjusted to the same Length* ought to be preferred, and uled for f.zing Measures of Length, at the Exchequer; and that One Third Part of the said Length, called the Yard, should be* a Foot, and the Twelfth Part of that Third, or Foot, deemed One Inch."

" Refolded, That all Measures of Length whatsoevef.

should be taken in Parts, Multiples* or Certain Proportions, of the said Standard Yard."

" Resolved, That Measures, called Measures of Capacity, should be ascertained, according to the Number of cubical Inches therein contained."'

" Resolved, That all Measures of the same Denomination, whether of Liquids, or of dry Goods, ought to contain the same Number of cubical Inches; and that the Gallon ought to contain 282 such Inches, and the Quart One Fourth of the Gallon, and the' Pint One Half of ’the Quart."

" Resolved, That the Bushel ought to contain Eight of the said Gallons, and the Quarter Eight such Bu-Ihels; and all other Measures, called Measures of Capacity, ought to be taken in Parts, Multiples,; or proportional Parts, of the said Gallon." ’

" Resolved, That all Goods myafured by any of the said Measures of Capacity, should not be heaped, but* stricken, with a round Strike of the same Didmcte^ from one End to the other."

" Resolved, That the Standard df Weight ought to

be the Pound herewith delivered, described in Ah is Report, and made upon the Examination and Revifcw of the several present Standard-Troy Weights-'therein mentioned j and that the Twelfth" Part of the said Pound should be an Ounce, the Twentieth Part of such Ounce a Pennyweight, and the Twenty-fourth Part of such- Pennyweight a Grain."- Resolved, That' all other Weights should be taken from Parts, Multiples, or certain Proportions of the said Standard Pound."

" Resolved, That all Contrafts, Bargains, Sales, and Dealings, ought to be taken, and adjudged to be,’ according to the Standards aforesaid; and that no Person should recover the Price of Goods fold, or the Goods themselves, or any Damage? on Account' of any Contrafts, Bargains, Sales; or Dealings, but* according to the said!Standards." * 1 ’’

" Resolved, That it ought to be made penal for any* Person to have in his Possession any Measure, or Weight, that is not agreeable to’the aforesaid Standards." ' ‘

" Resolved, That it ought to be made highly penal’ for any Person to make or 'fell arty Measure,' of Weight, that is nt>t agreeable <0 the aforesaid Stand-' ards." -: 1

" Resolved, That, for the enforcing- ’an Uniformity in the Weights and Measures-to-be; used for the future, no Person ought to beperm’ftted to make' Weights or Measures without having first obtained' a proper Licence for that Purpose, upon the Payment of a certain Sum:" "

" Resolved,' That all Measures, called Measures of Capacity, to be hereafter made, ought *0 be marked' with the Name of the Maker;-and, ;after a proper*' Examination of the Measure, the same to be stampt with'tlife initial Letters of the Name of the Person’' who has examined it." -- 1 -

E - The

io6 8° FebruariL A. 176$.

Weight* The Resolutions, which, upon the 1 ith Day of April " point certain Merlons at One particular Office, with and 1759, were reported from the Committee appointed to " Clerks and Workmen under them, for the Purpose

Measure*. inquire into the original Standards of Weights and " only of fizing and adjusting, for the Use of the Sub-

Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws re- " je<9ts, all Measures of Length, and all Weights, be-1

lating thereto, and to report their Observations there- " ing Parts, Multiples, or certain Proportions, of the

upon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Standards to be used for the future."

Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and cer- " Resolved, That a Model or Pattern of the said tain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used " Standard Yard mentioned in the zd Hctolution of

for the future; and which were the next Day agreed the former Committee, agreed to by the House 2d

to by the House; were also read; and are as fol- " June 1758,2nd now in Custody of the Clerk of the

loweth; viz. House, and a Model or Pattern of the Standard Pound,

" Resolved, That the Ell ought to contain One Yard " mentioned in the 8 th Resolution of the former Com-

" and One Quarter, according to the Yard mentioned " mittee, agreed to by the House ad June 1758, toge-

" in the Third Resolution of the former Committee " ther with Models or Patterns of the Parts of the said

" upon the Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed " Pound now presented to the House; and also of the " to by the House the *d June 17 58, and the Pole or " Multiples of the said Pound mentioned in this Re*

" Perch, in Length, Five such Yards and a Half, the " port, when the same are adjusted, should be kept

" Furlong 220 mch Yards, and the Mile 1,760 such " in the said Office, in Custody of the said Persons to " Yards." " be appointed for fizing Weights and Measures, under

" Resolved, That the (uperficial Perch should contain " the Seal of the Chief Baron of the Court of Exche30 Square Yards and a Quarter, and the Rood should quer for the Time being, to be opened only by Or-contain 1,210 Square Yards, and the Acre 4,840 " der of the said Chief Baron, in his Prefeoce, or the " Square Yards aforesaid." " Presence of One of the Barons of the Exchequer,

" Resolved, That, according to the 4th, 5th, and on the Application of the said Persons, for the Pur-

446th Resolutions of the former Committee upon the " pose of correcting and adjusting, as Occasion shall Subject of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the " require, the Patterns or Models uled at the said Of- H°use the id June 1758, the Quart ought to con- " (ice, for fizing Measures of Length or Weight detain 70 and Half Cubical Inches, the Pint 35 and a " livered out to the Subjects."

" Quarter, the Peck 564, and the Buftiel 2,256." " That Models or Patterns of the said

" Resolved, That the several Parts of the Pound, which " Standard Yard and Standard Pound aforesaid, and u is mentioned in the 8th Resolution of the former also Models or Patterns of the Parts and Multiples u Committee upon the Subject of Weights and Mea- " aforesaid of the said Pound, should be lodged in the 4i sures, agreed to by the House the ,2d June 1758, exa- " said Office for the fizing of such Measures of Length mined and adjusted in the* Presence of this Com- " or Weights, as, being Parts, Multiples, or Propormittee, and herewith produced; viz, the Half Pound " tions of the said Standards, shall hereafter be required or 6 Ounces, Quarter of a Pound or 3 Ounces, 2 by any of His Majesty’s Subje&s."

" Ounces, 1 Ounce, Two Half Ounces, the Five " Resolved, That all Measures of Length and Weights, Penny Weights, Three Penny Weights, Two Penny sized at the said Office, should be marked, in some " Weights, and One Penny Weight, the 12 Grains, 6 " convenient Part thereof, with such Marks as shall be "* Grains, 3 Grains, 2 Grains, and Two of One Grain thought expedient, to shew the Identity of the Mea-d each, ought to be the Models of the several Parts of " sures and Weights sized at the said Office, and to dif- the said round, and to be used for fizing or adjusting " cover any Frauds that may be committed therein."

Weights for the future." " Resolved, That the said Office should be kept within

" Resolved, That all Weights exceeding a Pound, " a convenient Distance of the Court of Exchequer at " should be of Brass, Coffer, Bell Metal, or Cad Iron, " IVefitnmjler; and that all Measures of Length and " and all those which shall be of Cast Iron should be " Weights, within a certain Distance of , shall " made in the Form, and with a Handle of hammered " be corrected and re-assized, as Occasion shall require, " Iron, 1'uch as the Pattern herewith, produced, with " at the said Office."

" the Mark of the Weight cast in the Iron, and all " Resolved, That in order to enforce Uniformity in " Weights of a Pound, or under, should be of Gold, " Weights and Measures to be used for the future, all " Silver, Brass, Copper, or Bell Metal." " Persons appointed by the Crown to aA as Justices of

" Resolved, That all Weights of Cast Iron should have " the Peace in any County, or City, or Town Corpo- the initial Letters of the Name of the Maker upon " rate, being respectively Counties within themselves, " the upper Bar of the Handle, and all other Weights " throughout the Realm, should be impowered to hear should have the fame, together with the Mark of the " and determine, and put the Law in execution, in Weight, according to the Standard, upon some con- 41 respect to Weights and Measures only, without any venient Part thereof," 1 of them being obliged to sue out a Dedimus, or to

" Resolved, That the Yard, mentioned in the ad Re- " ad in any other Matter; and the said Commissioners solution of the former Committee upon the Subject " (liould be impowered to fine and imprison, and to of Weights and Measures, agreed to by the House inflid or mitigate such Penalties, as shall be thought " the x&June 1758, being the Standard of Length, proper, and have such other Authorities as shall be 44and the Pound mentioned in the 8th Resolution of " necessary, for compelling the Use of Weights and " the former Committee upon the Subject of Weights Measures, agreeable to the aforesaid Standards."

44 and Measures, t^recd to by the House the ad June " Resolved, That Models or Patterns of the said " 1758, being the Standard of Weight, ought to be " Standard Yard and Pound, and of the Parts and Muldepositedin the Court of the Receipt of the Exchequer, u tiples thereof before mentioned, should be distributed and there fefely kept under the Seals of the Chan- in each County inTuch Manner as to be readily used ceilor of the Exchequer, and of the Chief Baron, and " for Evidence in all Cases, where Measures and Weights " the Seal of Office of the Chamberlins of the Exche- " shall bequestioned before the said Commissioners, and " quer, and not lo be opened but by the Order, and for adjusting the same in a proper Manner."

»* in the Presence, of the Chancellor of the Exchequer Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the 44and the Chief Baron for the Time being." Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

- " Resolved, That the rpost effectual Mean* tp after- Resolved, That this House will, upon tain Uniformity in.Measures of Length and Weight Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tho to be used throughout the Realm, would bet to ap- whale House, to consider of the said Resolutions.

:’i8 AMef-

5 Geo. III. 8° — 11" Februarii. iQ-j

A Message from thei Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr; Montagu:

Mr* Speaker,

Supply Bili; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lana Tax. for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Brita, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, Without any Amendment: And also,

Strack.horen'« The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An N*t‘ Act for naturalizing Christian James with-

out any Amendment: And also,

Cokme The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sedorj. annexing the Rectory of , in the County of

to the Office of Warden of the College of Saint Mary of Winchester, in Oxford; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Robert Lohg, Sir Alexander Grant, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Glover, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Sir Jar tit

Smith, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lane, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.' Dempster, Mr. Long, Mr. Fonnereau; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill frofn the Lords, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory of in the County of

Wilts, to the Office of Warden of the College of Saint Mary of Winchester, in Oxfordi was read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.-

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock*

Luttrty 11*

Anno 5* Georgii III’" Regis, 1765*

Prayers.

ftmford "I f R, Frederick Montagu presented to the House*

laclafure. .!> j according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and capital or select Buf-geffes of the Maritime Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, and of other Burgesses or Freemen at large of the feme Borough; and also of many Traders and Inhabitants of the same Borough and the Liberties thereof, or of such a*d so many of them, as have thereunto -subscribed their Names, in Behalf of themselves and of many others; and also of other Traders and Inhabitants within the feme Borough and Liberties; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That many Persons, to whom the Petitioners, ift the Course of their Dealings, are obliged to give Credit for finall Sums, taking Advantage of the Difficulties which the Petitioners lie under in the Recovery of such Sums, by the present Forms of Law, frequently refofe, though well able, to pay their just Debts; and alleging, that the establishing of a Jurisdiction in the said Borough and liberties, for the Recovery of small Sums, in a less ex-peijfiveand more expeditious Manner, would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Borough and liberties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Major, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Gray, Mr. BeJt, Mr. O, Mr. Cut, Mr. neux, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bagot, &r Charles Murdaunt, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir 1 homas Cave, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Blackstone. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord George Cavendish, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir George Mr. , Mf.

Long, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr. Brudenell, Sir

Vol. 30.

A Bill for Continuing add rendering rtiofe efleftfial Two Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First and the 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for repairing and widening several other Roads, in the said County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Sir William Maynard, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Glover, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lane, Mr. Burt, Sir John Glynne, Mr.-Major, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Coven-

try, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Dempster, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Charles Kemys Mr.

Plumptre, Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Mr. Mr.

Barrow, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Long, Mr. Pane, Mr. Dyson, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Rafkleigh, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Luther, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Hemiker, Mr. Bullock, General Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Gafceyne, Mr. Bertie, General,

Mr. Avf rere, Mr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Kynaston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Reverend William Card, Lord of the Manor of Hart/horne, in the County of Derby, the Reverend William Afteley, Rector of the Parish Church of Hartfhorne aforesaid, Ann Cant, Widow, John Taylor, Esquire, Thomas Richards, Esquire, Edward Dawson, Esquire, John Minors, Gentleman, George

Gentleman, and others. Proprietors of Larids and Grounds, and Common Right, in, over, and upon, the Commons, Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of, and belonging to, Hartfhorne aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lotdship of Hartfhorne aforesaid consists of Open Fields, and several large Commons or Waste Ground,-which are uninclosed, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that the Petitioners are desirous that the feme may be inclosed, and a (pecific Part thereof assigned and allotted to each Proprietor, in Proportion to their respective Interest and Common Right; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the rurpoles aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pof-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Ofbaldffton do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of Benjamin Francis Tribe, now called Francis Poole, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Elizabeth Ludwell, late of Charing, in the County of Kent, Widow, deceased, did,

Coleme Redgr/

SbcnfieW,*

See.

Fofrd.

riut&ortc

Inclosure.

Tribe*

Name,

Twywell

Inclosure.

His (and others) Nat.

Royal Assent

t#

Bills.

108 '* 11® Februarii. A. 1765.

by her last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 0.8th within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Day of September 1761, give and deviie several Estates Time for those Purposes.

to the Petitioner upon the Terms therein mentioned, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

and required him to take upon himself the Surname of Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pailures,

Poole: And therefore praying, That Leave may be and Commonable Watle Grounds, in the Manor and given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose. Parish of Po ding ton, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Bejl, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Hewett, do pre- Common Grounds, Lanes, and Waste Grounds, within

pare, and bring in, the fame. the Manors and Parish of Hardingstoite and Cotton, in

the County of Northampton.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- An Act for naturalizing John Plane!, John

unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and James Jacob Nadal, and Christophtr Henry Baumer.

Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Open and An Act for naturalizing Luder Lang.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, An Act for naturalizing Christian James

and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and

Parish of Twywell, in the County of Northampton, was A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City York Rod

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold*

the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others in ers, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways or the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dif- Roads thereafter mentioned, and others, whole Names

Crfed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, iprovement; and alleging, that it would tend greatly and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from to the Advantage of all Persons interested, if the same York, by Grimston Smithy, in the East Riding of the were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, County of York, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divid- Smithy aforesaid, in Two Branches, the One to a Gate ing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, in the Road between Kirk by Under dale and,

and Commonable Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to at the upper End of Garraby Hill, and the other through the House shall seem meet. the Town of Elvington to Elvington Bridge, in the said

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Riding, are so deep and ruinous, and in some Parts lo foant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. narrow, that the same cannot be sufficiently amended Frederick Montagu and Mr. Bejl do prepare, and bring and widened by the Laws nowin Force: And therein, the fame. fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for amending and widening the said Roads, in such A Petition of John His, John Henry Ernfl, and John Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House Michael Platz, was presented to the House, and read; shall leem meet.

praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the their Naturalization. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Lewis and Mr. Ojhaldeston do prepare, and bring And it is referred to Mr. Lane, Sir Charles Kemys in, the fame. Fynte, Mr. Shnttleworth, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Kyneston,

Sir Walter Bagot, Nix. Lowndes, Mr. Lafcedes. Sir Ro~ AMeflagefrom His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robin- bert Bur dot t, Mr. Foley, Mr Mr. Dr ax, Mr.

Jon, Gentleman Usher of tire Black Rod: A' Court,. Mr. Hot ham, Mr. Nugent, Mr, Gray, Sir John

Mr. Speaker, Lynch Cotton, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Pennant,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Fitzherbert,

His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Glover, Lord Strange, Mr.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Which cot, Mr. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ed-

to attend His Majesty. monfione, Mr. Long, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dundas,

And being returned; Mr, Buller, Mr. Lord , Mr.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Mr, Juttrell, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty Cholfnley, Lord Harry Lord Barrington, Mr.

was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Pub- Southwell,. Sir William , Mr. Chancellor of the lie and Private Bills following; viz. ' Exchequer, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Stevens-, and all the

" An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty, Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry., Durham, and And they are to meet this Affor the Service of the Year. One thousand Seven hundred ternoo'n, at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-and Sixty-five.. ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Records

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service* of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and A Bill for dividing and allotting the Commons or Ewinghsm Sixty-five. _ Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, in the inclosure.

An Act for extending the Time granted, by an Act Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of paired in the Third Year of the Reign of His present York and for. other Purposes therein mentioned; was Majesty, for allowing His Majesty’s Subjects to import read a Second Time.

their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Ref That the Bill be committed to Sir George Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Montgomery Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would Kynaston, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir John Turner, Mr. have been liable to, if the same Places had remained in Tudway, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Dempjlen,

His Majesty’s Possession. Sir George Colebrooke, Colonel Barr I, Mr. Fitzherbert,

An Act to indemnify such Persons, as have omitted Mr. Bejl, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

-to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; Parker, Mr. Prescot, Mr. Glover, Mr. Howard, Mr. and to indemnify’ Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieu- Dyjon, Sir Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. tenants. Officers of the Militia, or others, who have Way, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Walcol, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualification^, George , Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

19 ' Hunt,

Anglesey

Roads.

AfkerfWdl

Hii', &c. Road.

5 G^o. III. i i* Februartu 109

Hunt, Mr\ West, Sip William Meredith, Sir George Mr. Montagu, Mr. Parker, Mr. Bulloch, Lord Mr. Rigby, Mr- Townshend, Lord John , Lord

George Cavendish, Mrr Vernon, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Onslow, Sijc Georg? Youge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, v

land, Cumberland, Westmorelaud, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County, of 4>iglefey, was read ft Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Meyrjck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Stephens, Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr, Mr.

Mr. Tudway, Sir Roger NewdSir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr." Godolphin, Sir George Montgomery Mr. Willy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. West, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Coventry, Colonel Irwin, Mr.. Lultrell, Sir Robert Burdet, ‘Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Howard, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. WiiJ'on, Mr. Wane hope, Mr.

Mr. Harbord, Mr.. Wynne, Mr. Price, Lord George ville, Lord Middlesex, Sir John Wynne, Mr: Ryder, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Buller, Mr. . Mr. Conolly; and

all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in execution so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain lntrenchment on Afkerfwell Hill, opposite to C Farm, through the Town of Bridport, to Pen Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid, to the Town of Beaminster, in the County of Dor-Jet-, and also the Road from Pen Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as-relates to the District of Roads leading from the lntrenchment on Ajkerfwoll Hill, through Bridport, to Pen Inn, and from Bridport to Beaminster aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, the Petitioners have proceeded in the Repairs of the said Roads, artd have»borrQ\ved. considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act, which now remains due, and thftt the same cannot he repaid, and the said Roads kept in good and sufficient Repair, pnless the present Toils granted by the said Act, within the said District, are increased, apd the derm and Powers thereof enlarged; and further setting fqrth, that the Road leading from the North End of the South Street in Bridport aforesaid, through the said Street, to Bridpflrt , through

the several Pafifties of RHdport, and Burton Bradjlock, in the said County of is in a ruin-

ous Condition, and, in many Parts, narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Courie of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the present Tolls granted by the said Act, and for enlarging the Term and Powers thereof; and for repairing the aforesaid Road; in such Manner as to the House ftaaU seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Coventry, Lord,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Harvey, Mr, po-ley. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dyfott, Mr-,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sir Edward

VOL. 30.

Turner, Lord Barghorfti, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Harry Pyzplet, Mr. Bollock, Mr. Whit . worth, Mr. Soutlrwcl/,-: M r. Lans,\ Mr. Robin fori. Sir Edward Wimington, Mr, fames, Mr. Howard, Mr. Fonnerean, Mr. Holt, Mr, Bolton, Mr., Walpole, Si/. Charles Mor daunt, , Mr Kynaston, Lord Charles Montagu* Sir Roger Neipdigate.Mr. Roller, Mf, Townshend, Mr-

Fane, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Ryder, Sir % homos Palmer, Mr. Wedderburn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dor jet, Somerset, Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are tq meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clppk, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George William Earl of Coventry, Richard Jago, Clerk, and the fevqral other Persons whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner the Earl of Coventry is Lord of the Manor of Snitterfield, otherwise Smtfield, in the County of Warwick; and that the said Earl is seised of a Moiety, or a greater Share, of the Rectory Impropriate and Great Tythes arising in the said Pari Hi; that Richard Jago is Vicar of the said Parish Church of Snitterfield aforesaid, and, as such, seised of divers Glebe Lands, and intitled to the Small Tythes arising within the said Parish, or an Annual Composition, or Modus, in lieu thereof; that there are several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the said Manor and Tarish, which, in their present Situation, are, in a great Me&sure, incapable of Improvement, but that if the same were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the Benefit of aft Parties concerned: And therefore praying, TJiat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill far dividing and inclos-. ing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and other Commonable Grounds aforesaid, under such Re-< gulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill/ pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, and Sir Charles -daunt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sussex, and of the several Periods usually travelling the Road from Hurst Green to Burwash, and from thence to Lewes, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Scttipg forth, That the Road from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through thp parish of Etchingham, and the Parish and 1'own of Bur-

wash, to a Swing Gate in the said Pari fit, and from thence to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the Road leading to Leaves, in the said County, is very founderous and out of Repair, and, in some Parts, very narrow, and cannot, by the ordinary Courie of Law, b<f effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill for repairing the said Road, and keeping the same in Repaif, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do e/a* mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Co/ebropke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shelly, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Butler, Sir Jarrit , Mr. Walpole, Mr. D>ax, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dyjon, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Gray,. Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Frederick Cavcudjh, Lord Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Cho/mley, Mr. Hewett, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr. Wood, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lord

John Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Robinson, 1 Ff Mr,

Snitterfield

Inclosure.

Hurst Green, ice. Road.

IXO

ii* Februarii: A. 1765

Mr. Gore, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Long, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Robert Ladbro Mr. Parker; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey,

Kent, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to lend for Prisons, Papers, and Records.

Milford, A Petition of several Trustees for carrying into exe-Road. cution an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stop-ham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have made great Progress in repairing the Roads and for that Purpose borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, by the said Act granted; but find the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof are altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition^ be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ryder, Mr. fVhitworth, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hewett, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Glover, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Prefcot, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Robiufon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Lord Coleraine, Sir George Savile, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Meredith, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mr. Parker,

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Long, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Wilbraham, Mr. Meyrick, Sir William Sir Walter Blacket, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Sir Charles

Bunbury-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, Southampton, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

v«nMit!ingen’« A Petition of Michiel Van Millingen was presented to ^at* the House, and read; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Philip Fonnereau and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jager’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nit- for naturalizing Dirk Jager, of the City of London, Merchant, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Silk A Petition of the several Persons using Thrown Silk Manufacture. jn t[jejr Manufactures, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath been presented from the Silk Throwfters, representing the declining State of the Manufactory of Silk Throwing in this Kingdom; and alleging, that the Silk used by the Petitioners is chiefly 14

English Thrown; and that the encouraging the Importation of Raw Silk into this Kingdom, will be a Means of increasing the very useful and beneficial Trade of Throwing of Silk in this Kingdom, and of encouraging the several Manufactures carried on by the Petitioners t And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain is referred.

A Petition of Rene Labutte was presented to the House, and read; praying that his Name may be inserted in the Bill now depending for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Greville Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the ljle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somerj Bridge at Somersham Town's End, in the said County; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham' Bridge aforesaid, over Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the White Hart, in the Sheep Market, in Ive's-, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth to Earith, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Buegefies of the Borough of Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gentlemen, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Derby:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the present high Price of Corn} and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that the prohibiting the Exportation of Wheat and Flour, for a Time, would be a Means of preventing the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Silk Stockings imported into Great Britain, from Chr 1753 to 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Silk Gloves and Mitts imported into Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Silk Pieces imported into

Great

Labutttfi

Nat.

Chatteris

Ferry

to

Eariih

Road.

High Prica of Corn.

Accounts;

S.lk

Stockings,

dec.

5 Geo. III. i r* Fetruarii. 111

Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to 1764 j distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Silk Stockings exported from Great Britain, from C 1753-to 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Silk Pieces exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764} distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Silk Gloves and Mitts exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1733 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, pursuant to Surpluft*, their Address to His Majesty,

Surplufes, stated the 5th of April 1764: And also,

Surplufes, stated the 10th of October 1764.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

The laid Surplufes are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sessionj and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

t

Vol. 30.

ABSTRACT of

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND....

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer the loth of October 1763 -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1764; mix. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 .

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant to the Act 11° Georgii i®1, Page 146 -

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1764, pursuant to the Art

patted 250 Georgii 2dl, for consolidating the Funds; vise. - JT. s. d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Art 40 Georgii 2di, for the

Service of the Year 1731 - -- -- - 145+7° — "

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted

per Art 16° Georgii 2dl.....8,776 — —

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Art 180

Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 - 20,374 11 4i

The like of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Art

190 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1746 - 20,774 $ 8

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted

by an Art 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - 54,296 2 ""I

The income of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Art ao° Georgii adI, for the

Service of the said Year - -- -- - 27*563 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Art 21* Geor-

gii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748 ----- 130,663 17 7

The Duty of 6/. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Art 6° Georgii iml,

for the Service of the Year 1720 - 16 — 6

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending of Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th of July 1759, per Art $2° Georgii 2dl, and brought to this Account, pursuant to the said Art ... - 2,787 — —

To the Duty of 3/. 4el. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Art 26° Georgii 2dI, Page 5 r, in that behalf - 119,481 14 1

To the Dmy of 12 /. ptr barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or F(*» reign Fruit or Su^ar, gi anted per Art 10’ Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Art 27* Georgii 2^,

Page 218 -----.....- - 2,553-----

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Art 20 Georgii f ir railing the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bjuk of England\ brought to this Account, pursuant to an Art 28° Georgii 2^, Page 457 - - - 26,053 1

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Art i° Georgii a.dI, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England% brought to this Account, pursuant to the said Art 28° Georgii 2di - 8,531 —

To the Dntv on Licences ft r re ailing heer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account, purfnam to the Art 290 Georgii 2dli Page 312 - 36,800 — *-

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account, pursuant

to one other Art 2/ Georgii id:, Page 323 ----- 5,687 — —

To the several Rates and Duties payable by rill Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account, pursuant to one other Art 29° Georgii ad,f P«?ge 33a - - 9*605 — "

is- *

462,118 9 4 84,019 13 II 348>397 3 Si

894.535 6 ®i 529 19 6

us is, dated the 5 th of April 1764.

Per Contra -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half -a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of January 1764, being after the Rate of 5iper Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 21, r 27,8a 1.5/. 1 id. ful fctib«F t<* the Joint Stock of£. 3 Centum transferrable Annuities at the Bank of E^gHtnJ^ pursuant to the Acts 25°, 28°, 290, 32°, and 330 Georgii act, in that Behalf - —

Bv D°# for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England) for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of April 1764, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701.323. i6r. fd. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England\ pursuant to the Ad 2 50 Gcoigii 2dl, in that Behalf - -

By D% for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England) for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of January 1764, being after the Rate of £. 3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of£. 1,500,000, Part of £ 2,000,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2di, Page 224, in that Behalf By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of January 1764, being after the Rate of £. 3. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.2,100,000, transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ad 24* Georgii2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf -

By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a’Year!*, A’l-lowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Timr, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf - - - - -, -

By the Chief Cashier of the said Company of Merchants trading to die South Seas, Sic. to reimburse the Fees and Charges in passing the Accounts of the Monies imprested to him for paying the said Annuities 1751, and for his Trouble^nd other Charge* in the Premises for 3 Years, ended the 5th of January 1763 - -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2d, and charged on this Fund by an Act 3a0 Geugii 2*1, for the Half Year ended the 5th of January 1764 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank eft England, for Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of January* 1764, on the principal‘Sums jof£.8,240,000 in Annuities granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, and£. 10,000;00O in Annuities granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3tU, making together £.20,240,000, v, inch were made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Cent. Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, by the Ad 2* Georgii 3lli, Page 211 By D°, for Changes of Management of the said Annui.ies for the same Half Year By the said duel Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the said 51h of January 1764, on the Annual :Sum of £.120,000 to continue for 98 Year?, granted by the said Act 2° Georgii 3lU, Page 206 By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the fever .1 Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions, borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of fbe Yewr 1758* which said Management is charged on this Fund, by a Clause In the said Act, Page 761, for the Half Year ended the said 5th of January 1764 - -

T-: '

316,917 6 4J-,

-5,86a . 3 411

*6S.519 >7 *$ 4,978 9 I of

26,250 — — -422 17 6

3r, S°° " —

590 12

1,043 8 —

16,242 18 9

404,800 — — 5,692 10 —

60,000 — — »43 is —

*,4©6 s —

112 11° Februarii. A, vjSS

o

O

£. i. J.

*5 J55 — —

4.5-so

55 >6 Si

8,820 i 2

92,731 10 7

5.566-----

2,2 1$ — - —

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgti adi, brought \o this Account pursuant to the Ait 3a0 Georgii act -

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like To D° of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes irnj^rred, granted by an Act 32r (Jwgii 2cU, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 33*

Georgii Z [\ Page 30$ - -

To the additional Ldand Duty on Coffee, the like

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like -

To the Da ies upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24.0 Georgii brought to this Account pursuant to an Act i°Georgii 3tU, Pages 217 and 213 - 24,096 — —

To Surplus of Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Act 33*

Georgii 21', brought to this Account pursuant to D° - 128,886

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii

3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to D°, Page 218 . - 28,372 —

To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, granted and made

a Pan of this Fund by one other Act a° Georgii 3m, Page 189 - , 23,803 11

he Duties upon Malt granted by an Act 330 Georgii a", brought to

this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3lUt Page 197 - 62,206 —

12 6

7t

*95»*o 15

1,790,346 1 8

Z,-a.9l9»*3 JO 8

O

<NI

D

eg I

1 — h

n'

CD

Cl

o

o

,d f

By the Chief Cashier of the fairs Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 2$rh of March 1764, being afrer the Rate of ,£.4 per Centum per Amum on the principal Sum of £ 3*483,553. 1/. lod. the Amount of the Navy, Viduaiiing, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities, charged on this Fund by an A d Georgii 3'*, Pages 256 and 25;,

which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplies to be granted in the pext Session of Parliament after issuing the feme, as by Clause in the same Act* Page 265, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of January 1764., of the fevc-ral Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon House*, and upon Win* cows or Lights, which were made a Fund per Act 310 Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of ,£.3. ioj. per Centum on ,£.4,500,000 and ,£.3 per Centum on ,£.500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament# as per Clause in the fa'rd Ait, Page 746, in that

Behalf ... -....

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of April 1764., of the several additional Duties 1ipon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Dat es upon , all Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund per Ad 30 Georgii 3tU, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England after the Rate of ,£. 4 pet* Centum on £. 3,500,000, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted iu Parliament, asClause in the said Act, Page 328, in that Behalf - -

By Cash paid the Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries furnished the Exchequer Bifl

Office.....r - -

By Cash taken in full of £. 2,000,000 granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1763, pursuant to an Act 3° Georgii 3tU, Page 404, in that Behalf By Cash taken in part of ,£.2,oco, oooo granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1764, pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3*", Page 248, in that Behalf

69,671 1 a

34»37* J9 10

34,964.11 7!

9 3 — 1

1*196,598 18 1 i 445*3* *3 9i

2,919,123 10 8

This bring the Eighty-third Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 9° Georgii i®1, rage 367, is humbly presented this ntn Day of February 1765, by me

Cjenkm/ot

5 Geo. III. i 10 Februarii.

A B ST R ACT of the said Si

D

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, Bfrdughtfrom Account, Folio I Surplus of the South Sea Com paly’s FotB, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fond/ brought f4x>m Account, Folio 3 -

— - - Dr.

£ J.

- - 74*75° — 9i

39*977 3 10b

- 395.565 10 2i

1,278,292 14 10

To Monies brought to this Account the 10th of October 1764, pursuant to the A ft parted 25*

Georgii a*1, for consolidating the Funds; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 40 Georgii 2dI, For

rhe Service of the Year 1731 - -- -- - 17*83* 7 4*

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts 16° et 170 Georgii 2A - -- -- - 12,797 4 4

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 180

Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745 ----- 3*>402 11 7

The like of the Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 190

Georgii 2‘:i, for the Service of the Year 1746 ----- 20,492 12 9

' The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted

per Act 200 Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - - - 53,343 3 "i

The like of the Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year - -- -- - - 37,226 3 41

The Subsidy on Good* and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act 210

Georgii 2d\ for the Service of the Year 1748 - -190,821 5

The Duty of 6 d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii i®1

for the Service of the Year 1720 ----- - l S 9

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of,

Gold or Silver Platergranted from the Jth of July 1759 Pn' Act 32° G*gi*

2di, and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - - 5,031 — —

To the Duty of 3/. 4 d. per Bufiiel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2^, Page 31, in that Behalf - - 108,643 14 8*

To the Duty of 12 j. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines nrtad£ from 1kritijS or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted pe?- Act 10° (Georgii fbf ^he Service of the Year 173J, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 270 Georgii iA,

Page 218- - - . - 3,256 — —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2ai, for raising the Sum o[£. i,2$o,oooo by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii 2dl, Page 457 - - - - 28,722 17 4£

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of Eng-laruly brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act i8# Georgii 2dl - 30,3)1 9 9

To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Brer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2dl,

Page 312.....- - - - *9>744 *8 "

To the additional Duties on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 323 - - - 3,9^a x5 5

To the several Rates ard Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to o.e other Act 29° Georgii idi, Page 33a - - - 8,49* "

To thr additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and primed Papers, grantrd by an 30° Ce.rgii idl, brought to tins Account pursuant to the Act J*°

Cctrgii 2:i - *....

32492 12

jrpluses, stated the 10th of October 1764.

-4

Per Centra - -- -- >.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’* Interest, due the Cth of July 1764, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.33*127,821. $s. 1 d.$ subscribed to the Joint Stock of £.3 per Cen urn tramferrable Annuities at the Bank, of England, pursuant to the Acts 25*, 28% 29% 32°, and 3j# Georgii tdi, and 4* Georgii 3tU, in that Behalf -

By D* for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th of October 1764, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Anmim% on the principal Sum of £. 17,70 t ,323. 16/. 4 d, the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities traruferrable at the Bank of England* pursuant to the 250 Georgii 2dI, Page 598,

in that Behalf ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year* Interest, due Hie 5th July 1764, being after the Rate of £.3. 10 s. per Centum per Ainurh, on tii* principal Sum ot £. 1,300,000, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the* Ad

2>)° (horgii Pa^e 224, in that Belialf - -.....-

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities fat tfHe (afrite Half Year -By Half a Year'*. Annuity, due the 5*h of July 1764, being after the Rate of £. 3* per Centum pei' Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 transferrable at the South Sea House, lent on Ctedit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ad 24* Qccrgii 2diy Page 39, in that Behalf -

By the Company of Merchants trading to t‘ti6 South Seas, (He for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Ad, Page 39, in.that Behalf ——

B) Cacti taken to answo* Arinuifies on angle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granfedbyan Art 300 Georgii ad‘, and charged on this Fund by &11 Ad 3a0 Georgii adi, for the Half Year ftided the 5th of July 1764 ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th July 1764, on the principal Sums of ,£.8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2di, and £. 12,000,000 in Annuities granted by an Act 20 Gct rgii 3lfl, making together £. 20,240,000, which tfere made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Centum Annuities tr uisferfat lc at the Bank of England\ by the Ad 20 Georgii 3rtl, Page 211 By fy°, for Changes of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Annui-t cs granted per Uts i° 6c 20 Georgii 3:ii, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Aftmiitus, from the 5thof January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3lil, Page 325, for the Half Year v ruled the 5th of July 1764 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of theie Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges o! Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions borrowed pursuant to an Act >i° Georgii 2d‘, for the Service of the Ytar 1738; which said Management is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761, for the Half Year entied the said 3 ii of July 1764 -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’* Interest, due the 29th September 1764, being after the Rare of £.4 per Centum /Vr Annuity on the principal Mim of £. 3,483,5>3. ij, lod. the Amount of the Navy, Vic tualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribid for Annnuities charged on this Fund, by an Act 30 Georgii 3*, 236 and 2^7; which Sum is to be replaced to

th s Fund out of the Suppl c". to he gr ruled n\ the ne\t Session of Parliament after ifluiitg the lame, as by Clause in the kme Ad, Pi;ge 26$, in vh.it Beh lf -

it * J*

496>9*7 4f

9,236 ,ii|

263,519 *7 «r 4,978 9 loi

26,250 — — 421 17 6

3i, Soo-----

590 12 6

*6,168 16 3

404,800 — — 5,692 10. —

124,125-----

1,745 10 »i

1,406 5 —

69^71

1

110 Februarii. A. 1765.

/. J.

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

c

11,874

A.

6

io£

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences for rerailing Wine, the like o1 To D° of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the likfc -o* To the Subsidy on GjkjcIs and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 U3 Georgii act, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 33° Gtbtgii act,

p Page 303 ....

To the additional inhnd Duty on Coffee, the like -To the additional inland Duty on Chocolate, th-like -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii 2d*, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3d1, Pages 217 , and 218- -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 33° Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3d1,

brought to this Account pursuant to D°, Page 218 - - - - 33,210 — —

To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Light*, granted and made a Tart of this Fund by one other Act 2° Georgii 3d1, Page 189 To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 3 30 Georgii 2^, brought to this

Account pursuant to one other At\ 2* Georgii 3* *, Page 197 - - , 7 281,663 "

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act ip Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3d1,

Page 326 ----- - - - -430,887- —

--- — ----- r- —

To Monies gnnt*d out of the Supply 1764, for the Purpbft* following; bjr the Act 4U Georgii 3d1, Pagts 368 and 369; in that Behalf; v/s.

*.Ji5 3

C,2i6-----

1,112 —

33,318 -

169,628 — —

" 38*961 19 3

MS5*#1 *9

To replace to this Fund the like Sum iffoed out of the fame, for the Half-yeart Payment due the 29th Day of September 1763, oh the Annuities after thfe Rate of £.4 per Gentum per Annum, granted Tn respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transpott Bills, and Ordnancfc Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act 30 Gecigii 3d1 - - - - 69,671 1 9

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the fth Day of July 1763, of the several Rates and Dutieft upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses and Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of hil late Majesty, so# paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 - -41,223 1 6

To replace to this Fut»d the like 5um paid hot of the farbe, tb make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of October 1763, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder anti Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3d1, for paying Annuities, in respect of £.3,500,000 borrowed towards the Stiprly granted for the Service of the Year 1763 36,699 15 4f

----->47,593 *8 — I

£. 3,181,37* i* 9} J

j I i hi iii-rrnr- r-1

0

1

By Cash taken to rhake goo I the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1764* of the several Rates anl Duties upon Offices and Petitions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at ti e Dank of England, after the Kate of 3. io i. per Centum, oil J^. 4,500,000, and £* 3 per Centum on j£\ 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, mak'ng together hive Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758; which Smrffs to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Part lament, as per CUufe in the said Act, Page 746* in that Behalf -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency on the 10th of OShler 1764, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imi>orted into thia Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Pern1, which were made a Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3th. for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of per Centum on A* 3,500,000,.borrowed towards the Supply granted ft* the Service of the Year 1763; which Sum is to be replaced to this Futtd out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 328, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken in further Part of £. 2,060,000 granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the Year 1764, purfoafrt to ail Act 40 Georgii 3*", Page £48, in that Behalf - -

Sy Cash torturing in the Exchequer the 16th Day of (MdberjjS\ 5 vi%.

To be applied to complete £.2,000,000 granted ont of tiris Fund towards £. /. J.

s the Supply of the Year 1764. ----»* >,5^5,0^58 14 7 £ For the DSfpofitita bf Parliament - - 135,213 $ — i

16,797

if

it66o>9°^ 13

1,510,471 |9

being Ac Eighty-fourth Hats-yearfy Account Made up Geottgu x tm, raft 367, is tumbly prefcftted out iith J % me,

pu

ay

rfoaift to the Act 6f Fcbrtttay 1765,

Q. Jenkfyfi

M

tn

S Geo. III. \i° Februarif.

Account; Public Debts.

Account; Co als.

Ditto.

land Tax Commissioners.

Ditto.

High Price of

Wheat, iic.

Ways and Means.

l\JS i\° Februarii. A. 1765.

Ordered, That the said Surplufes do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out at Christmas last; with the Annual Interest or other Charges payable for the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Coals brought into the Port of London, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th of January 1765; distinguishing each Year, and from what Places.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Coals exported from Great Britain, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th of January 1764, with the Duties payable thereon; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing such Part as have been exported to foreign Countries, such as have been exported to Ireland and the ljle of Man, and such as have been exported to the British Colonies and Plantations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised " in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1765," together with those named in Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax: And that Mr. Jenkinson and Mr. JVhateley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for indemnifying Persons who have, acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated, or assessed, at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall »dt as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Syrnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to tlje Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wedesday Morning next, resolved itself into the said Committee.

21

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Prbpofals for discovering the Longitude;

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, made with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the Aid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dyson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.> Dyson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Dyson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the several Acts relating to the*Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Longitude, at their Two last Meetings, held on the 19th Day of January last, and the 9th of this Instant February.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell have Leave to make a Motion.

And he having ihoved the House accordingly. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and for the Application thereof;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty gives His Consent, so far as His Interest is concerned, that the House may do as they think fit, with regard to the said Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and for the Application thereof: And that Mr. Peter Burrell, Colonel Burgoyne, Lord Barrington, Colonel Barre, Mr. Secretary at War, and Colonel Howe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Direct ions that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Instruments under the Great Seal, authorizing the Levying a Duty of Four and a Half per Cent, or any

other

Supply.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Ditto.

Agent*

for

Prize Money,

Doty fcrW in ceded Province*.

5 Gro. III. 119 — 12° Febmarii. 117

other Duty whatsoever, upon certain Commodities in the and allotting the said Fields and Commonable Places, ia Tflands and Provinces ceded to Great Britain by the last such Manner as to the House shall fecm meet.

Peape, together with Copies of all Represen tations from Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able,. the Commissioners of Customs, Memorials from, the;

Commissioners of the Treasury, and Orders of Council, An ingossed Bill for the more cafy and speedy Reco* ChiptwOuio, telaiing thereto. very of Small Debts within the Hundreds of - <m.*prl|tl

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His hamQalne, and North, and Lordship of Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Hijs ham fin the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. Ref That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of And then the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippenham,

Morning, Nine of the Clock. and Damerham , and Lord ship or Liberty oi CorJ'-

ham, in the County of Wilts.

, _______ , Ordered, That Sir dp cany the Bill to the

Lords4 and desire their Concurrence.

Maftis, 12° die;

Anno 5- Georgii III"' Regis, 1765.

t 9 ‘

Prayers.

Di£ NE JLabntte took the Oaths appointed, in Order to his Naturalization.

Wallingford A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Borough FarrinaJon - of Wallingford, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names Road. are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting- forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application has been made to the House for repairing the Road leading from the Bottom of

Hill, in the Parish oi Nuffield, otherwise Tuffitid, in the County of Oxfirrd, to the Commencement of the Turnpike Road leading from Wallingford to and

that Part of the hud Road leads through many private Grounds, and is liable to be obstructed by Gates and other Annoyances; and that other Parts-thereof are so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by each other; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be much more commo-; dious, if finstead of going through the said private Grounds) the ancient high Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield on the Top of Gangsdowu

H///aforesaid, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Ttffield, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road, was put into good Repair, the same being the most direct and public Road from London to Wallingford aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration; and such Relief given therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom die Petition of such of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of -Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his fare Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, atul from thence to and

allb from Wantage to Idson, in the said County, an act for the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage aforesaid, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Barton A Petition of the Reverend John Lee, Patron and In-

IndofiL cum^ent of the 'Rectory and Parish Church of Burton Moure. Overv, in the County of and others, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of Land, and -Persons interested in the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and in Burton Overy aforesaid, was presented t-o the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Property of the several Persons interested in the said Fields lies greatly intermixed and dispersed, and is, in its present Situation, -incapable of much, if any. Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to have the said Fields and Commonable Places divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring »n a Bill for the dividing, inclosing.

A Bill for naturalizing Andrew Fuhref, was read a Fuhrer’ii Second Time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Ckolmley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Coventry,

Lord John Cavendish, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Rice, JS&rf Sharpe, Mr. Tonchet, Lord Midleton, Sir John Hpuk Cotton, Mr. Best, Mr. Mr. Jaelf-

son, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Sondys, Sir William Meredith, My.

Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Dentpfter, Mx. Fomtereau, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Mr. Bertie, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

‘ Montagu, Mr. Stephens, Sir RogerNewdigate, Mr. Edmonstone. Sir John Gtynne, Mr. Gray, Mr. A'Court, Mr.

Long, Mr. Willey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition oi Bene Labutte, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and -then ordered to He upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabi- Carmarthen tants, of the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the * House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leaefr 1 Iftg'from Pontarfdylais, being the Bordets of the County of Glamorgan, to and through the Towns of Llanelly and Kidwelly to Carmarthen Bridge, and from Kidwelly aforesaid to Llanjleplian Ferry, and from thence through Llangharn to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, and from Langham to Saint Clears Bridge, and from Carmarthen Bridge, through the Villages and

Llatmon to Pont or Ddy/ais, in the Parish of and from Carmar then Bridge, over Penwr Bridge to Llanelly, and from MinKev, in ,the Parish of Llangendeirn to Pont Henry, by Morlais Mill, in the Parish of non to Pont ar Vdylais; and from Carmarthen,

through the Village of Llanthorog, by a Mill called Venn Lyane, to the Great Mountain Gate, in the Parish of Lla-narthney, and from Llandilo Vawr, over Llandilo Bridge, through or by the Village of Llandeby to a certain Place, on the Mountain of Bettus, where the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan join, near Penllyr Caflell, and from Llandilo Vawr to Golden Grove Park Gate, and from Llandilo Vawr, Tevo Miles on the Road leading by Pen-coed, towards Wena/t and the Great Mountain; and from a Place, called Ffairfach, lying on the Road leading from Llandilo

Vawr atorelud to the Village of Llandebye aforesaid, by Tregib Mill, and Manor abort to the Borders of the Parish of Llangadock, and from Tregib Maforesaid, by Tregib House to Tavern yTrap, in the Parish of Llandilo Vawr

aforesaid; and from Llundebye, by Pentre Gevenles to the Borders of the Parish of Llanvihangel Aberby Thych, and from Llandebye, through the River , to the Great Mountain Gate, and from Pont or Ddylais, over the Forest and Msnydd Ferws to join the Road leading from Llandebye Village to Bettus Mountain, between Pont Lluynffol and the River Amman; and from Cause Garw, for Half a Mile towards Pen yLlan Barn; and from the Town of

H h Carmarthen,

11

8

12* Febriid

A. 17(55,

Carmarthen, by Blaeri y /rood, in the fcarifty of New Leave may be given to bting in a Bill for metaling thfe Church to Clawdd Coch, in the Pari lb of Abernnnt; and said Open and Common Fields and Heath, and dividing from J Bladny ffood, through the Village of Cumwill to 'the same into just Allotments and Proportions, to and the Town o \ NewcajileEmllyn-, and from Carmarthen, for the several Parties interested therein, and according

By Bancy groes Fordd', and so on to a Place called Sar- 'to every Person’s Right in the fame. "

nedion, in the Parish of Llandllawddog, and from Sarne* . Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puf*

' dion, over a Mountain called Styffeletarn to Brechva, and faint1 to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sif from Brechva to Llanfautell, and from Sarnedion, by Pont* Charts Mordauni, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Ky-

y Saisto Allty,y wallis, and from Bancy Groes Fordd, by nc{flon, do prepare, and bring in, the fume,

a Place called Abernant Tuck to the Ford of Gwilly , leading to the Parish of Llan yPimp Saint, and from the A Petition of feVefal Persons, whose Namis are there-

Turnpike Gate, called Gurry Pack Gate, in the Parish of unto subscribed; being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Llandila Vawr, by New Inn, through the Village of and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Talley and Town of Lanfawell, and along the High Road Fields, and other Commonable lands and Grounds, in in the County of 'Carmarthen, leading to the Market the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Long Buckby, in the Town of Llandpeder Pont Stiphan, in the County of County of Northampton,' exckifive of- that Part of the Cardigan-, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in Hamlet of Mur col which lies ift the said Parish, was many Places, and incommodious to.Passengers, and can- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That not be effectually repaired and widened by the present the Lands and Grounds cif the Petitioners, in the said Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. Fields, lie intermixed afld dispersed in small Parcels, and, That Leave m^v be given to bring in a Bill for repair- in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement j ing, widening, and altering the said Roads, in such Man- ’. and that-it would be very advantageous, to the fevettl - tier as to the House shall seem meet. Persons interested, if the same were divided and indoled:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa- . bring in.a Bill for dividing and inclosing tholard Open.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall and Common Fields, and other Qopamonable Lands and

appear to them, to the House: Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of-

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Buckb aforesaid, exclusive of that Part of the Hajnfet Shiftier, Mr. Touchet, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Grof- of MurcOt which lies in the said Panfli, in such Manner venor. Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Midleton, Sir. Herbert 85 House shall leem meet.

Lloyd, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. . Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BUI, pur-Brudenell, Mr. Gwynn, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Clay- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that far ton, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Lord Dowrte, Lord Mot daunt, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Ky-

Verney, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dyfan, do.prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. De Grey, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Jcnyns, . , . , «. +-

Lord Carysfort, Lord Strange, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, F;ree-

Plumptre, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bed, Mr. Gilbert, holders, and others, of the Isle of Ely, and Counties ot Mr Howard, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Townshend, Sir JarritSmith, Cambridge and Norfolk; and also of the several Trustees

S\r John Gtynne, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Champion, Colonel Bur-- and Creditors under, an Act, made in the Third

goyne, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Barri;and all the Members car °* tas ^ate Majesty, intituled, An Act for making . who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, Devon, a ^evv Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient ' and Cornwall, and for the Principality of Wales .*> And Road, between th^ Towns of and in the

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, "} County of and also under

in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Uraycot

Inclosure.

an Act, made in the 22d of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the* ljle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Chat*

A Petition of John Shukburgh, lately called John Slotve,

Esquire, Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Bourton upon Dufmore, in the County of Warwick, and also Proprietor of Nine Yard Lands and Three Quarters, in the Open and Common Fields of Draycot, in the

Parish of Bourton aforesaid; and of the Reverend William ~ .

Huddesford, Rector of the said Parish Church of Bourton teri\ through the Towns ol Chatteris and March

aforesaid, who, in Right of his said Rectory, is intitled to to Saint Peter's, and from thence to Tid Gate, in

certain Glebe Lands, and to the Great and Small Tythes JJle of and County of; and from

yearly arising and renewing within the Lord Ibip and Liber- Wisbech Saint s aforesaid, through for

ties of Draycot aforesaid; and of the Reverend John Shuk- Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, is in a ruin-

burgh, Clerk, who is intitled to the next Presentation of ous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be the said Rectory of the said Parish Church of Bourton effectually repaired wid widened by the Laws now in

aforesaid; and also of Edward King, Esquire, and several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of several other Yard Lands, with Common Right thereto belonging, in the Open and Corn-

being; and that the Road directed by the said Act of the Third of his laid late Majesty to be repaired, is Part of the before-mentioned Road; and that the Trustees under the said Act of the Third Year of his said late Majesty

mon Fields and Commonable Places within the Lordship borrowed a confederate Sum of Money upon the Credit and Liberties of Draycot aforesaid, on behalf of themselves thereof, and applied the fame, together with the Tolls, and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Commons rePa,r!ng the said Road; but that they, afld the

in the said Lordship and Liberties of Draycot-, was pre- Trustees appointed in pursuance thereof, and by and Yented to the'House, and read; Setting forth. That the "nfW she Ypar nf ,m ,at(* Ma'

Open and Common Fields of Draycot aforesaid contain about Twenty Yard Lands, the Occupiers wherepfhave Right of Common therein, and upon about 400 Acres of Heath Ground called Bourton Heath-, and that the Petitioners Estates in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed ill finall Parcels, by Means whejeof great Inconveniences 'do arise; and that the same are very fit and proper’to be irtcloled: And- therefore praying. That

under the said Act of the i2d Year of his said late Majesty, have found it impfafticable, under the Powers of the said Acts, effectually to repair the fame, and pay off the Money borrowed; and that it is apprehended it will be more advantageous to the said Road, and to the Creditors under the said Acts, that the said Acts be repealed, and the Money borrowed and now remaining due provided for under the Act for repairing the said Road from Chatteris Ferry to Wisbech Saint Peter's, Tid

Gets,

Lortg

Buckby

Incldfurti

C&itten*

Perry

so

WllBech

ftoath

5 Geo. lit

12° Februflrii.-

tftump Cross to

C«unbrid

Road.,

&>te, and Down bam Bridge, and that tWeare 'several ancient prescriptive Tolls taken upon, of adjoining to, Tome Parts of the said Road, which, it is apprehended, should be vested in the Trustees to the said lload, upon a reasonable Cotnpensation being made for the fame: And therefore praying, 'that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor repairing and widening the said Road,: and Tor the several Other Purposes above mentioned, under such Regulations as to i he House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the (?onsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to 'vhe House:

And it is referred to Sir John Cotton, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Walsingham, Sir Francis , Mr.

Barker, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. , Sir William Beauchamp Protior, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Houston, Mr. Ward, Mr. John York ', Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr.' Glover, Mr. Mr. Willoughby,

Mr. Wilbrahum Bootle, Mr. Dyson, Mr, Byde, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Milles, Mr, Nugent, Mr. Major, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sir Jarrit

Smith,-Lord Dowue, Sir Roger New digate. Lord Carys-f»rt, Sir Charles Mmdhunt, Mr. Sir Walter Bagot,

Mr* Shiftier-, and all the Members who serve for the

Chuntieso { Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, Lincoln, and.

Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records-

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual,’ several Acts for repairing the Road from Stump Qrofs to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, for repairing the Road from Foulm to Cambridge, and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Camfo far as the same relates to that Part of the Road leading from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the other Roads therein mentioned to be adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in putting the said Acts in execution with regard to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto, the Petitioners find that the same are, in many Respects, dtfcftive; and that it is become quite necessary to build a Bridge across the Stream at or near Hauxton Mills, and also over Lome Part of the said Road between Foulmire and Cambridge, and to vary the Course of the Road', particularly at or near the said Mill; for Want of which Powers, many Accidents have already happened, and Inconveniences daily arise; and that several other Powers are necessary for the effectual repairing of the said Roads: And therefore praying,.That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, l'o far as the same relate to the said Road from to Cambridge, and the other Roads adjoining thereto, in l'uch Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jo Cotton, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Morton, Mr* Blackstone, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Pit/,. Mr. Ky, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Holt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Barrow,' Mr.

nereau, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Whicheot, Mr. Banbury, Mr. Glover, Mr Mr. , Lord

Midleton, Mr. BuL'er, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir \Glynnc, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ed-

\nonfione, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Shifner, Mr. Dyson, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Luttrell, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Wilbraham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Hertford, and . VoL. CO.

And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the'

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Povfer so fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mr. Lewis presented to the House* according to Or- . Hi* der, a Bijl for naturalizing "John His, John Henry Ernji,. (another*) and John Michael Platz: And the same was received; at‘ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr- Burrard presented . to the House,: according tef; Lymlngton Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads to from the Quay at Lymmgton, in the County of ton ? And the same was received; and read the First Time;

Rfoivgd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Coipmopable Lands, lying within the Parish of Loved-ham, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time,'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Mr. Bromley,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Holt, Lord

Strange, Sir Rickard Glyme, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Prat, Mr. Scudamore, Mt- Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Glover, Sir

Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Fuller, Sir John G/yntte, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Ifvelyn, Mr. poivdcfwell. Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr, Cove, Mr. Rolinfon, Mr.

Clive, Mr. Way, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Major, Mr. Kynaf-

ton, Mr. Meyrick, Nix. Wilbraham Mr. Dr ax, Mr,

Pitt, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Town/hen-J, Mr. Bulleiy Mr* Butter, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr.; and all

the Members who lerve for the Counties os Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Lincoln, and York: And they are to'

meet t: is Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of William Watfo Gentlefnan, and John Brown, Owners of several ancient Freehold Meliiiages* Cottages, or Fronts, in the Township of; in

the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York, in behalf of themselves and several other Owners of ancient Mefe fuages. Cottages, and Fronts, and of Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending therein for a Division and Inclosure of certain Commons within the said Manorand that the Right of Common on the'laid Commons hath, Time out of Mind, belonged to and been enjoyed.by the Occupiers of certain ancient Messuages. Cottages, or Fronts, within the said Manor only, and that the Occupiers of Lands *> ithin the said Manor have constantly been presented and fined at the Court Leet, Yearly held therein, when such Occupiers were not in Post'elfion of an ancient Messuage, Cottage, or Front at the same Time, along with such Lands; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners, are informed, it is proposed by the said Bill, that only One-half Part of the said Commons shall be allotted to the Owners of such ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Fronts, and that the other Half Part thereof shall be allotted to the Owners or Proprietors of Lands lying within the said Manor, in such Proportions as the said Lands are respectively rated to the Land Tax, which, the Petitioners allege, is very unequally rated in respect to the Value of Lands in each Township therein; and that the Petitioner Watson is also Owner of an Estate in Lands, in the said' Township of Middleton, within the said Manor, containing Fifty Acres or thereabouts, which is very low rated to the Land Tax; and that, by this Method, if carried into' execution, many Owners of Lands, who are not Proprietors of any ancient Messuages, Cottages, or Fronts, in the said Manor; and also the Owner of certain Tythcsarifipg

from*

Lowdham-

Inclosure:

Cropton'

Inclosurt.*

Riddenden

and

Charing

Roads.

Highways $ 'Application of Money.

iiO ra® Febru

front Eight Oxgangs of Land, Parcel of the said Township of Middleton, will be inti tied to an Allotment on the said Division, in respect of the Proportion of Land Tax, although they never had, or claimed to have, any Right of Common on such Commons, and the Allotments to be made by such Method will be very unjust and one* qual: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals -into a Law; or that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit, and as the Nature of their same shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think-fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Bejl reported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and others, of the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to- the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Nairn said, That he knows the Road from the Town of Biddendett, in the Weald of Kent, to Hill, and from thence through Charing Town to Bound Gate, where it joins the Turnpike Road from Ashford to Faversham; that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and in mahy Parts narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws now in being.

Mr. William Finch confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill, for amending the Road from the Town of Btddtnden, in the Weald of Kent, through Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Faversham, at a Place Called Bound Gate: And that Mr. Bejl, Mr. , and Ms-. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of many Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, using the Western Road from and to Bath, through Wells, Bridgewater, Taunton, and Exeter, to Plymouth, and other Parts of the West of England, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act pissed in the Thirty-second Year ofhrs late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending-several other Roads near the said City, which recites, that the Road from Bath to Wells, up Holloway, Dunker-ton, and Radjlooke Hills, is inconvenient and dangerous;

and that the Trustees to the said Act were to make a new Road, therein particularly described, in the several Rariibes of Lyncombe, Wideombe, Englishcombe to Tunley,

the Parish of Chamerton, through to Rnjh

Hill; and the Trustees were impowered to borrow £. 7,000 more thaft their then Debt, out of which £.3,000 wa* directed to be solely applied to the making and repair-Ungthe (aid’new intended Roads; and alleging, that, not-withstanding the said Act, the Trustees never attempted 'to put the feme in execution, and it was therefore at length agreed to apply to Parliament for another new Road in freu of that last mentioned; and that another Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, to explain so much of the aforesaid Act, as directs the lay-21

ing out the new Road therein particularly described, from Bath to Rtfh Hill; and the said Second A<% recites . that the new Road, directed by the Thirty-fecoud of George the Second, would be difficult and expen five; and that it had been found, that a-Road from Bath to W^ils might be made at less Expence, by carrying it through the Parishes of Newton St. Loe and Compton Dando, and from the Cross Hands in Compton Dando, through some Part of the Parishes of Farnborough, High Littleton, and Earrings ton Gurney, to Rush Hill, and therefore repeals the Clause

for repairing the former Road, and the Trustees are di* rested and impowered to make a new Road, as above described, and directed to expend, in the First Place, what may be necessary for purchasing Lands for the said new Road, and for altering, amending, and completing the feme; and that, notwithstanding the Sen&f of Parliament, thus twice declared, for accomplishing a-new Road from Bath to Wells as aforesaid, the Intention of the Legislature is stili eluded; and though the said new Road has been partly laid out and partly widened/ yet very little thereof has been completed, and great Part remains in very bad Condition, though great Sum* , of Money have been, in the mean time, expended by the Trustees upon the old Road; and that tins Public. Roads being now in general and for tnoft Part c pleted from the Capital, through Bath, to the fetaofrefe Parts of the West of England, this alone ejtcepied, the Petitioners are the more sensibly aggrieved by the Coi> tinuance of that Obstruction, in that Line of Road which was directed by the Two Acts above-mentioned to be effectually removed, but which nevertheless, without some further Interpolation of the House, they despair of: And therefore pray for such Relief in the Pnemiiea, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tho Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been eoilefted, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parlfet ment, for repairing any particular Highway'; and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observitions and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the Hciufe.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships employed in the Coal Trade of the Port of Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Method of unloading Ballast from Ships by Keels or Lighters, and landing it upon Quays or Wharfs on the River Tyne, is not only very expensive.to llie.Petitiocers, but very prejudicial to the said River, by the large Quantity of Ballast that is-frequently washing and blowing off the Quays, which has so much filled up the River, that unless some Remedy be applied, it may be of fatal Consequence, the Price of Coals greatly enhanced, and the valuable Nurseiy of Seamen destroyed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, as to the House - shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said' Petition be referred to the Consideration of the_ Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, is referred-: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and-report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Society of the Art or Mystery of Frame-work Knitters of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of; and also of

divers Hosiers and Manufefturers in the said Tradav who live and reside in and about the said Cities, on by-half of themselves and all others concerned in the said Trade, was' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for many Years last past, a very useful and

confide table

*'7

Crofsford Bridge, kc. Hoad.

Manckeficr

and

Salford

Streets,

: Geo*. III. i Febriiariis v

ceftfidec&ble IfiUnd :Trade has" been* carried on in this Kingdom.' in the making and vending Frame-work Knitted Silk Stockings, Silk-Cloves, and Silk Mitts, f<?r Hotric Consumption, whereby, many Thousands.of p.qOr. people have been, employed'; and that this very valuable), and important Branch of Trade has, of late Yeaitf/. greatly decreased, which, the Petitioners hum-bjy Conceive,.has been owing to the large Quantities of SJlk Stockings, Silk. Gloves, and Silk Mitts, that are imported into, this Kingdom from foreign Parts, by which the Public Revenue is greatly detrimented, as no Duty whatever is paid for the Silk of which such foreign Goods are made: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as t« the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art,' and Mystery, of Weavers of , in behalf of them-

selves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain is referred. '

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Others, residing in and near the Town of in the County Palatine of , and the Town of

Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Crop-ford tlrrough the Townships of Stretford and , to the said Town of Manchester; and alleging, that Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, wherewith, and with the Tolls arising upon the said Road, the same has been repaired; and that there is rioW a very considerable Sum owing; and that the Highway leading from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to Altrincham aforesaid, is exceeding deep, ruinous, and dangerous, and cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, By the ordinary Means provided by Law; and that the said Turnpike Road cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money owing upon the Credit thereof repaid, unless the said Act be continued and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, the said Act for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester aforesaid, and for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham aforesaid, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine thfc Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Lord Mr. Touchet, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Colonel Barri,

Mr. Parker, Sir Armine Wodeh Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Delaval,

Mr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Carysfort, Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Dow defwell, Mr. Way, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Townjherid, Mr. Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr.;

nd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancajleri Chester, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Stafford: And they are to meet-this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Per-Ibns, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and othefrs, residing'within the several Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was

v Yol. 30.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Streets, Lanes, and Passages of the said Towns respectively were kept clean, and free from Nuisances and Annoyances, and also were properly enlightened, and sufficient Engines and able Men were kept and employed for the Extin-guishment of Fires, and an able Nightly Watch was provided, and Jcept therein respectively, it would tend greatly, to the Safety, Preservation, and Advantage, of the Petitioners and others, Inhabitants of the said Towns, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem. meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the Ho,use:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Fitzherbert, Nit. Montagu, Mr, Whitworth, Mr. Touchet, Lord Carysfort, Mr.. Reynolds, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Armine house, Sir William Meredith, Mr. , Mr. Which-

cot, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir George Savile, Lord Midleton,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. , Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Buller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr

Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition of his Grace Fran Duke of Bridge-water, Lord of the Manor of in the County Pala-

tine of Lancaster, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whole Names are subscribed, having a Right of Common upon a certain Moor, called Walk-den Moor, or of Turbary, and following Ground, upon a certain Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chatmofs, situate within the said Manor, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Moor and Moss Ground are at present of very little Advantage to the Persons having Interest therein; but the Petitioners apprehend, that if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments ambnglt the Patties interested, the same would be very beneficial to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Touchet do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of William Duke of Devonshire, by George Cavendish, Esquire, commonly called Lord George Cavendish, Frederick Cavendish, Esquire, commonly called Lord Frederick Cavendish, and John Cavendish, Esquire, commonly called Losd john Cavendish, his Guardians, and of Peter Walthall, Clerk, William Milnes, Esquire, Alexander Barker, Jokh Crefwell, Longs den, John

Harris, Gentlemen, and others, whole Nantes are there-unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Arable Lands, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, in the Common Fields of the Hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, Parcel of the Manor of Ashford, in the County of In behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Land of the said Petitioners, in the said Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed, and, in theirjpresent Situation,

I i are

Walkdea

Incialure.

A (liford and Shtldon Indoiure.

AUord, Sec. Road.

Aflackby and Dow (by Inclosure.

122 12* Februarii.

are incapable of Improvement $ and alleging, that it would be for the Advantage all Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, to have the same inclosed, divided, and allotted, and the Common and Waste Ground thereunto belonging, amongst the several Proprietors: And therefore pray* ipg, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds, and allotting the feme to and amongst the Proprietors thereof, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu and Mr. Plummer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as if appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Caleb Preston and Mr. Joseph Clarke, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Alford to and

from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln, is become very deep and ruinous, narrow and incommodious, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, the Lord Strange, and Mr. tVhichcol, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Elizabeth Douglas, Widow, Lady of the Manor of AJlackby, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend Thomas Fcfter, Clerk, on behalf of himself and of the Reverend Brownlow Toller, Clerk, and James Hurst, Esquire, as joint Lords of the Manor of in the said County of Lincoln, Ann Garland, Spinster, Robert Ridlwgton and William Esquires, John

Steel and William Buckberry, Gentlemen, on behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands in the Manors and Parishes of AJlackby and Dowjby aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the said Manors and Parishes, a certain Tract of Common. Fen Land, containing 2,700 Acres, or thereabouts, which is frequently overflowed with Water, and, in its present Condition, of very little Service to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, who have Right of Common, without Stint, for their Cattle promiscuously de-pastured thereupon; but, if the said TraCl of Common Fen was properly imbanked and drained, and also divided, inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, the feme might be improved, to the great Advantage of all the said Proprietors: And therefore praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to-them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow , Sir William Meredith, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pye, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Armine Mr. Ward, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Touchet, Sir John Evelyn, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Townjhtnd, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Baco% Sir Charles Merdamt, Mr. Tucker, 20

Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Meyrick, Sir John Griffin Griffi, Mr. Mr.-

Wilbrakam Bootle, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Clive, Lord Midleton, Mr. Glover, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Long, Sir-John Wynne, Mr..Burre/l, Lord Strange, Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and North ampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Market Cross, in the Borough of War eh am, in the County of Dorset: And the feme w»s received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second -Time, ’

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Sstfeos, and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from Hurst Green to Burwash, and from thence to Lewes, in the said County, was. referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the Reverend Mr. John Courtail, being examined, laid.

That the Road from Hurst Green, through Eichinghams and Burwash, to a Place called the Swing Gate, an4> from thence to the Extent of the Parish of Burwash, in the Road leading to Lewes, is in a ruinous Condition* and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present. Methods prescribed by Law.

Mr. Nathaniel Polhill confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through EtcJiingham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County: And that Mr. Pelham and Mr. Bitfler do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Moll noble William Henry Gaven-dffii, Duke of Portland, the Right reverend Father in God Charles Lord Bishop of , Sir Gilfred -1 Jon, Baronet, and John Denton, Esquire, on behalf of themselves and others, having Right of Common upon, the Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, of the Mar-nor of Sebrabant, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Duke is Lord of the Manor aforesaid, and, as such, is seised of, or intitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds* to him and his Heirs; and that the aforesaid Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, contain about 2,678 Acres, which, if divided and inclosed, may be greatly improved, and rendered much mote valuable to the several Persons interested therein, than the feme are at present; and that the Petitioners, and the several other Person* in whose behalf this Petition is presented, have agreed to have the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Proportion to each Person’s Right and Interest in the lame: And therefor* praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for establishing, confirming, and carrying the said Agreement into execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Harley

Warehaun

Roads*

Hurst Greei% &c. Road*

Sebrahat*

Inclosure*

EtrJocd

inclosure.

Wilford

Inclosure.

A&rrftrdl

Hill, &c. Road.

5 G^o. III. 12° Febrmrii. 113

Hurley and Sir Anthony Abdy do prepare, and bring in, (be feme.

~' A Petition of Ellen Biggs, Widow, Lady of the Manor of Emload, in the County of and all and every the Freeholders and other Owners and Proprietors of Land of and within the Open and Common Fields of arid within the said Manor and Parish of Emload, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Arable Land*, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, Heaths, Cotrimons, and Wastes, within the said Manor and Parish, lie open and uninclosed; and that the several Common Field Lands and Lots of Mowing Ground, belonging to the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, lie diiperfedly and intermixed with each other in ftnall Parcels .; and that a general Separation, Division, and Inclosure, by Allotments and Exchanges, would be a general good Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making and confirming such intended Exchanges, Divisions, Allotments, and Inclosures, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dowdesfyell and Mr. Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Gervafe Clifton, Baronet, a Minor, Lord of the Manor of Wilford, in the County of Nottingham, the Reverend Granville Wheler, of Otterden Place, in the County of Kent, G uardian of the Person and Estates of the said Sir Gervafe Clifton, the Reverend George Sinclair, Rector of the Parish Church of Wilford aforesaid, Abel Smith, Esquire, Mark Huish, Robert Page, and others. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and Common Right, in, over, and upon, the Commons, Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places of and belonging to Wilford aforesaid, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lordship of Wilford aforesaid consists of several large Open Fields and Meadows, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that there are also several Open Commons or Wastes within the said Lordship, which are uninclosed, and belonging to the Petitioners, in several undivided Shares and Proportions; and alleging, that it would be an Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Town of Wilford in general, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Wastes, were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Person interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said'Petition; And that Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Roger Newdigate, artd Mr. ffewett, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom tile Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in execution lo much of an Act of Parliament, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment, on AJkerf-well Hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the Town

of Bridport, to Pen Inn, and from aforesaid to the

Town of Beaminster, in the County of and also

the Road from Pen Inn aforesaid, through the Town of

Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as relates to the District of Roads, leading from the Intrenchment on Afkerfwell Hill, through Bridport, to Pen Inn, and from Bridport to Beaminster aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Vol. 30.

Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Symes feid, That the Trustees for the Care of the Roads aforesaid have proceeded in the Repairs thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased.

That the Road leading from th6 North End of the South Street in Bridport, to Bridport Harbour, is at present much out of Repair, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being; and that if the Provisions of the said Act were extended to this Road, it would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Pen Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Towii of Honiton, in the County of Devon-, and for amending the Road from Axminster to a Place called Quandoe's Gate, and also several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers of lo much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchment on AJkerfwell Hill to Pen Inn, and from Bridport to Beaminster; and also for amending the Road from the North End of South Street to Bridport Harbour.

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt in the Gaol of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, for, and in behalf of themselves and many other poor dif-tfeffed Prisoners for Debt, in the several Gaols within the said County, was presented to the House, and read$ complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens dp make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating tP the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposels for discovering the Longitude.

Mr. Stephens accordingly reported from the said CPm-mittee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, riot exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be applied out of any Monies unapplied to the Use of the Navy, in the Hands of the Treasuref of the Navy, towards making Experiments of Proposels'for discovering the Longitude at Sea, subject to the feme Directions and Regulations as are, for the like Purpose, contained in an Act of the 12th of Queen Anne, for providing; a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea.

The feid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Stephens, the Lord Barrington, and Mr. Dyson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act' to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat,

Wheaten

Distressed.

Debtors.

Discovery of the Longiiuda

Exportation

of

Wheat*

Ice.

124 12° Februarii ]

\Vheatcn Meal, Flour, Bread, Blfcuit, and Starch, from Great Britain and Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sapte’s An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Peter Antony Nat* and David Francis Sapte, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Antony Sapte, and David Francis Sapte.

Ordered, That Mr. Toucket do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Royston A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to and pUt in execution several Acts of Parliament, for repair-Bridf«rd lnS the Highways leading from Royston, in the County Road. of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the 9th and 12th Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the 13th Year of King George the First, several Acts of Parliament were passed for repairing the said Highways; and in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act of Parliament paflea to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Middle and South Divisions of the said Highways; that the Petitioners have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; and that there is now owing, on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of ft. 2,100; and representing to the House, that the said Roads cannot be kept in good Repair for the future, and the Money now owing thereon be repaid, un-leis the Terms, Powers, and Authorities, of the said Acts are continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, and to render the same more effectual, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Byde, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor Mr.' Mr. Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Howard, Mr. Deldval, Lord Strange, Sir George Savile, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ward, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Dyson, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Nugent, Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Bromley, Sir Charles Hardy,' Mr.

Lord Howe, Mr. Jennings, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Bul/er,

Mr . Fonnereau, Mr. Butler-, and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon,' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ramsgate A Petition of the Trustees for enlarging and main-Harbour. taining the Harbour of Ramsgate, was prefeinted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for clearifing, amending, and preserving the Ha\en of Sandwich, the several Rates and Duties in the said Act mentioned, are made subject to the Re-payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, not exceeding the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, with Interest for the lame,-not exceeding Five Pounds per Cent. pei- Annum; or the Trustees are impowered to grant

Annuities for Lives/ not exceeding the said Sum of

Seventy thousand Pounds in the whole, fp as pottoexceed ft. 8. ios. for each ft. 100, and to charge the same upon the said Rates and Duties; but that there is a Proviso in the said Act, that the Trustees shall not subject: the said

Rates and Duties to the Payment 9? tl?C Interest of any greater Sum than Fifty thousand Pounds at any ope Time upon Annuities for Lives; and that the said Trustees have, in pursuance of the said Act, settled and 'imposed several Rates and Duties on Shipping, and have caused Works to be begun and carried on lor enlarging the laid Harbour, and have necessarily expended a l^rge Sum of Money in and about the fame; and that the whole Money raised by the said Trustees by Sale of Annuities, in respect whereof Annuities are now charged upon, and payable out of the said Rates and Duties, amounts to the Sum of Forty-seven thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; but the Money hitherto raised under the said Act, toge+ ther with the Surplus of the said Duties, after keeping down the said Annuities, will not be adequate or sufficienjt to complete and.finish the said Harbour, and the said Trustees cannot, without the Aid of Parliament, raise a competent Sum for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Trustees to raise, by Sale of Annuities for Lives, any further Sutn or Sums of Money they shall think fit, not exceeding, together with the said Sum already raised upon-Annuities, the Sum of Seventy thou-’ . sand Pounds in the whole ;.and to subject and make liable the Rates and Duties, by the said recited Act granted, to the Payment, of the Annuities to become due in respect of any such further Sum or Sums of Money so. to be borrowed or raised, no,t exceeding the Rate in tfye said Act limited, so nevertheless as that the Annuities now charged upon the said Rates and Duties shall talce Priority and be paid thereout, preferably to any Annuities hereafter to be granted and charged upon the same Rates and Duties.

Ordered,.That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henniker, Mr. Prefcot, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Major, Sir George,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Parker, Sir Richard G/yn, Mr.

Stephens, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Walter Lord Strange, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr. Ful-

ler, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Norris, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Burrell, Mr. BulUr, Mr. Bull,

Mr. Butler, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Glover,; and all the Members who serve for the Maritime Counties; and all the Merchants of the Hopfe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of :the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;'and have Power to fend for Per* fons, Papers, and Records.

\ ’ '

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Westnyotor Order, a Bill for the better enabling the Commissioners for putting in execution the several A<5ls passed, for r paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares,. Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrews, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; <9 execute the Trulls vested in them by the said Acts: And the same wras received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant February,

A Petition

Keelby

InciOiure.

Great

Grimsby

Roads.

5 Geo. III. 12° Februarii. 125

.A Petition of Christopher E Clerk, Lord of the

Manor of Keelby, in the County of and also a

Proprietor of Lands and Tenements, and otherwise interested, in the several Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, therein after mentioned, John Bowman and John Uppleby, Esquires, George William , Thomas Hall, Charles Marris, Robert Thompson, and others,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Tenements, and otherwise interested, in the said Open and Common Fields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Parish of Keelby aforesaid, there are certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, consisting of Arable, Meadow, Furze, and Pasture Ground, distinguished by the several Names of the South Field, East Field, West Field, the Holmes Sufcar, Sufcar Side, Cable Hills, Car, Sprotham,

High Field, and Warlots, and containing together by Estimation Two thousand Acres, or thereabouts, and another Open Piece of Pasture Ground, called Fifty Acres, belonging to and used as a Common Pasture, by the respective Owners and Occupiers of Oxgangs and’ Tofts, in the said Parish of Keelby, which last mentioned Piece of Ground contains by Estimation about 50 Acres, and lies in the Parish of Stallingbrough, in the said County of Lincoln-, and that the said-Fields and Grounds are, in their present Situation, capable of very little Improvement; but, if an Inclosure thereof could be effafted, the same would be-of considerable Advantage to all the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That'Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, subject' to such Regulations as the "House shall think proper;

Ordered,.That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whichcot, Sir Thomas Stapleton, and Lord Brownlozv Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of residing in, and near, the Borough of Great Gtimjby, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Great Haven, from a certain Place called the Upper Sand End, on the West Side of the Sea Bank, adjoining to the East Marsh, and from thence over White Bridge, and

along the High Road between a Tenement of Mr. Christopher Clayton's on the East, and a Tenement of Mr.

Hildyard’s on the West, and along Saint Mary's Street and Butchery Lane, and on the North and West Side of Great Grimsby Church, through the Parishes of Scartho, Waltham, Brigsley, East Ravendale, and on the West Side of the Bottom Close in ' Wold -Newton, to Wold Newton Church, in the Road leading to Louth, in the said County; and also the Road leading from a Farm called the Nuns Farm, in Great Grimsby aforesaid, through the . Parishes of Laceby and Irby, on the North Side of Irby Church to the Mill Field, in Irby aforesaid, leading to Caister, in the said County; are rui/ious and narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, widening, and repairing, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall feerp meet.’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Nix. Coventry, Mr. Bromley, Lord Burg-herjh, Mr. Nugent, Mr Fane,'Lord Mr. Grosvenor,- Mr. Kynaston, Lord Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles MMr. Mr. Sandys, Mr. OnJIozv, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Holt, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Gray, Sir William Meredith, Sir Sifnebn Stuart, Lord Colerahre, Mr. Way, Sir John . Mr. Bromley, Sir Bennet Garr, Mr. Mr.

Vol. 30.

Norris, Sir Richard MM, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. ShifSir Edward,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dr ax. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fottereau, Mr. Bttller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this After--noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Port of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, in the Votes, that the House hath been plealed to receive, and refer to the Consideration of a Committee, an humble Petition of a Committee appointed by your Petitioners, and many others, Merchants and Traders of this City, to make a proper Application for the Extension of the lawful Keys and Wharfs, within this Port; and that these Petitioners beg Leave, in Confirmation of the said Petition, humbly to allure this House, that, for want 6f Wharf Room, they have long laboured under an Inconvenience, Obftnidion, and Expence, burthensome to the Merchant, prejudicial to the Revenue, and growing with the Increase of Trade 5 And therefore praying. That this House will take the Premises into Consideration; and grant frich Relief as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereynto; which they had directed him tore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That , the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts, made in the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred > and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, to consider further of the said Acts.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanf to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Britift/-made Silk* exported, together'with the Bounty paid upon the fame,

K k from

Pott of

London

Wharf*.

fish and Rabbit Stealing.

Cattle

imported v from Ireland*

ACt$

relating to

Highway*.

Account*}

Silk.

Coils.

Gloves,

fee.

Newcastle unHer Line Road.

ta6 12* — 130

from Christmas 1750 t x\Christmas 1758; distinguishing

to what Countries the same have been exported, and each Year: And also.

An Account of all Coals exported from England, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th of January 1764, with the Duties payable thereon; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing such Part as have been exported to Foreign Countries, such as have been exported to Ireland and the Isle of Man, and such as have been exported to the British Colonies and Plantations: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of foreign-manufactured Gloves and Mittins imported into England, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1763, and from thence to

mer 17645 distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties paid on the Importation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wete read. Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

Ordered, That the other Two Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufedby the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved araongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mercuriiy 130 die Februarii;

Anno 5° Georgii ril‘u Regis, 1765. Prayers.

PETITION of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, whole Names are thereunto liibscribed, residing near and usually travelling the Roads thereinafter-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from under Line, in the County of Stafford, through Leek and Monyaftt to Haffop, in the County of Derby; and also the Road branching out of the said Road at Middle Hills, in the Parish of Alftonefield to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton, in the said County of Derby, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road, in that Part of the Vill of Cobridge that lies in the Parish of Burftem, in the said County of Stafford, to the House of Isaac Cart lie h, in Burslem aforesaid; and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road, in that Part of the said Vill of Cobridge that lies in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Uttoxeter Turnpike, in the Vill of Shelton, in the Parish of upon Trent-, are become very ruinous, and are, in other Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the said Roads, and keeping them in Repair for the future, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Grey, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. York:e, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Meyrick, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Upton, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Wilbrakam, Mr. Hewett, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Paterson, Mr. Hunt, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Drake, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Best, Mr. Stephens, Sir Robert Mr. Legk, Mr.

Rafhleigh, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Gray, Mr. IVilbraham,

Februarii. A. 1765.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Nottingham, York, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Others, Whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Places and Road thereinafter-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Welford, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands Bosworth and Pincin Lane, and over Part of Mowfiey and Knaptoft Lordships, and by the several Towns of Sheavejby and , and over Part of

the Lordships of Kilby and Fofion, to and through Great Wigs ton, and Part of the Lordship of Knighton, all in the County of Leicester, to the Borough of is in

a very founderous State and Condition; and representing to the House many good Consequences, which, the Peti* tioners allege, would arise, in case the said Road was well and effectually repaired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, if necessary, the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Apd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House r

And it is referred to Lord 'Grey, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Norris, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Cotton, Lord Catkerlough, Mr. Legk, Sir John Deiaval, Mr. Shiffner, Colonel Montgomery, Mr. IVilbraham tle, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr. Best, Mr. Stephens, Nix. Paterson, Mr. Sandys, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Mr. Hume, Sir George Savili, Sir George Pocock, Sir George

Pigot, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Sir George Tonge, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Warwick, Stafford, Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s, Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had iconfidered the Petition of Rene Lubutte, to them referred; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by OntS; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Benedict Paul Wagner was presented to the House, and read; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Shiffner and Sir John Hynde Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Best presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, and his.

Heirj

Welford

to

Leiceftef

Roads.

Fufirert

Nat.

Wagner’s

Nat.

Tribe’s

Nam#.

5 Geo. III. i f Februarii 127

Distrcfled

Debtors.

Wallingford and Fsrringdort R oad«

Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the Wili of ElizabethLudzvell, deceased: And the

lame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol or Prison at in the County of

Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Blaclistone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of such of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon; and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County, an act for the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage aforesaid; and also the Petition ot l'everal of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in execution an Act passed in the 25th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon', and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County, who act for the Roads leading from Wantage to Farringdon; and also of the Gentlemen and others, wh, ole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing on or near the said Roads, leading from Wantage to Farringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson aforesaid; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Borough of Wallingford, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth ;i

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Alexander Boote, Clerk to the Trustees for repairing that Part of the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, being examined, said. That the Trustees, according to the Direction of the said Act, separated themselves into Three Branches at their First Meeting in 1752: That those who act for this Branch have borrowed £. 1,000 on the Credit of the fame, for repairing

that Part of the said Road, and that a considerable Pro-grels hath been made therein; but that the said Sum is found insufficient, and the Powers by the said Act granted are defective in many Respects; and that the said Road cannot be completely repaired unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged.

Mr. John Toovey, Treasurer to the Trustees for re-

pairing that Branch of the Road, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Boote-, and further said. That the Tolls collected on this Branch of the Road amounts to about 300 a Year: That the Road leading from the Bottom of Gangs-down Hill, in the Parish of Nuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, is the direct and nearest Road from London to I Palling ford and Wantage, is about Three Miles and an Half in Length, and so much out of Repair, that Carriages are obliged to go a Mile and an Half about to avoid it, but that Materials are very near and plentiful, and if the same was once put into good Repair, and the Statute Work duly performed, the same might be maintained at a very small Expence; and the Witness produced to your Committee, an Account of a Subscription which hath been raised, amounting to £. 106. 11 s. 6 d.for repairing the feme, provided the future Repairs of the Road be put under the Management of the Trustees of the Wantage Turnpike, and that no Toll be taken on this Road.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, t^ie said Mr. Boote said. That the Trustees for re-. V»l. 30.

pairing that Part of the Road leading from Wantage to Farringdon, have not been able to repair any Part of the feme effectually, but have laid out some Money, and have borrowed £. 150, which is unpaid; that the Income of the Tolls on this Branch of the Road amounts to no more than about £.40 a Year; and that the same cannot be repaid, and the Road effectually repaired, unless the Tolls are increased, and the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged.

Seymour Richmond, Esquire, being examined, laid, That he was appointed Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees, and Abraham Atkins, Esquire, Surveyor of that Branch of the Road leading from Wantage to Idson, about May 1752, for One Year only, who both undertook to act under the said Appointments, gratis; that a Toll-house and Gate were erected, and a Toll Gatherer was appointed about October 1752, at Five Shillings a Week, and that

before the nth June 1753 he left it, the Toll arising from thence not being sufficient to pay him his Allowance: Another was then appointed to collect the Toll occasionally on Market Days, who loon also left it, the Toll not being sufficient to pay him for his Trouble; that the Toll-house and Gate are now entirely destroyed, and that no Clerk or other Officer has been since appointed, or any regular Meeting had since November 1753; that no Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising in this Part of the Road; that the Share of the Expences in Parliament belonging to this Branch, was paid by the Branch leading from Wallingford to Wantage-, that the Toll-house and Gate were erected at the Charge of some neighbouring Gentlemen and others, who ordered and executed the fame; and that Mr. Atkins, who is a Gentleman of great Property, expended in Repairs, £. 53. 4 7 as appears by his Account, which was chiefly near his own House, about the Middle of the said Turnpike Road.

A Member present informed the Committee, That Mr. Atkins, being apprized of this Application, had signified to him his Consent to every Part of it.

Then an Entry in the Journal of the House of the 14th January 1731, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Branch of Road from Wantage to Idson was ingrafted upon the original Plan of the Bill, in consequence of a supplemental Petition after the Bill was read a Second Time, and committed.

And all the said Witnesses said. That if foe Term and Powers of the said Act were discontinued in respect to the said Idson Road, and the Tolls collected on the Road from Wallingford to Wantage, and from Wantage to Farringdon, were made One Fund, and put under the Management of the same Trustees, as was originally designed, when Application was made to Parliament in 1731, it would be very beneficial to the said Roads, and to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country.

To prove the Allegations of the third-mentioned Petition, Lovelace Bigge, Esquire, being examined, feid, That Part of the Road leading from the Bottom of Gangsdown Hill, in the Parish of Nuffield, to the Commencement of the Turnpike Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, leads through many private Grounds, and is liable to be obstructed by Gates, and is in other Parts too narrow for Two Carriages to pals each other; and that it would be more beneficial and commodious, if the ancient High Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, on the Top of Gangsdown Hill aforesaid, by the Parish Church of Nuffieldto the Commencement

of the said Turnpike Road, was put into good Repair, the same being the most direct and public Road from London to Wallingford aforesaid.

A Member present confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Bigge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, aodfrorp thence to

We ft cote Inclosure.

Royston

and

Wansford

Bridge

KoacL

Bowes,

&c.

Road.

ia8 130 FebruariiA. 1765.

don\ and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County; lb far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wal-ling ford to Wantage, and from thence to;

and for discontinuing the said Term and Powers, I'o far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idfon5 and for repairing the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage: And that Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr. Pye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Tything of Wefic, in the Parish of Wad-defdon, in the County of Bucks, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;and that the Parties concerned had given their C'onfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Mary Woodfield, possessed of Three Quarters of a Yard Land in the said Fields, who lived at a great Distance, and could not be applied to; and that the said Fields contain, in the Whole, about 34 Yard Lands; and that the Committee had gone through the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a.Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Huntingdon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application hath been made to the House, to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing several Roads therein d.escribed, in the Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon; and that the Road From Huntingdon, within the Middle Division of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through Pid to the Town of sham, is, in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places narrow and incommodious s And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and that the Prorifions of the said Acts may be extended to the said Road, in order to amend the fame; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading from Royjfon, in the County of , to

Wansford Bridge, in the County of is re-

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as if shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road, from Bowes, in the County of York, to Brough under Stabmore, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners proceeded to repair the said Road, in order to which they wete obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, -Part of which still remains unpaid; and that it will be rmpolfible to repay the said Monies, and to ktep the said Roadih Repair, during the

Remainder of the Term granted by the said Act; and that the said Act h.is, in several other Particulars, been found defective; and that the Road from the said Turnpike Road, near the Grained Tree, or Maidett , through Kaber, to Kaber Cross, to join the present Turnpike Road leading from Highgate, near through

Kirkby Stephen, to Brough; and also from a Place at or near the Grained Tree, or Maiden CaftU aforesaid, in the said Stainmore Turnpike Road, to the Coal Works, at Taylor Rigg, in the County of Westmoreland, and Tan kill, and King's Pitt, in the County of York; are in a very ruinous Condition, and some Parts thereof too narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course cf Law: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the 16th of his late Majesty’s Reign, and to explain, amend, and render the said Act more effectual; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads abovementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Upton, Lord , Lord

Charles Montagu, Sir Richard Mill, Sir Charles,

Sir Charles Bunbttry, Sir George Sir Robert Lad-

broke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gray, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Six Roger Newdigate, Sir George Pigot, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir James Sir Tho-

mas Palmer, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Tou n-Jhend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ridle, Mr. Sir IViiliant

Meredith, Mr. Rlackftotte, Mr. Mr. Leigh, Mr. Best, Lord Grey, Sir John Delaval; and all the Mem*-bers who lirve for the Counties of Cumberland, Durham, Northumberland, and York

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Scarborough, Lessee, under the Crown, of the Honor of Tickhill, being Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, and in his own Right, and by virtue of the said Lease, the most considerable Proprietor of Common Right Farms or Tenements in Tickhill, and the Parish of Tickhill aforesaid; and the humble Petition of John White and Thomas Toefteld, Esquires, and of the Reverend John , Clerk, Vicar of Tickhill aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being Freeholders, and Owners of Common Right Farms and Tenements in Tickhill, and the said Parish of in behalf of

themselvesand the Residue of the Commoners of the said Township and Parish; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Wastes or Commons of Tickhill aforesaid; called The High and Low Common, containing between 16 and 17 Hundred Acres, are capable of great Improvement, by Drainage and Inclosure; and that the Petitioners aredefirous, and have agreed, ro divide and indole the fame, and to have each Proprietor’s Share and Proportion thereof allotted, in Severalty, lepa-rate Allotments being first intended to be made to the Lord and Lessee of the said Honor, for the Crown’s contenting to the said Inclosure, and to the said Vicar of Tickhill, in lieu of all Vicarial and Small Tythes, the Two Lay Impropriators having consented to accept their respective Great Tythes in kind within the said Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fall Com.-mons and Waste Grounds, according to each Person’s Right therein; and for other the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

TickhiH

Inclosure.

bridge.

Account;

Silk.

Estates of

Ecclesiastical

Corporations.

Cltndeft'me

Marriages.

5 Geo. III. 130 FeVruarii. 1

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Perth, met in their Quarter Sessions, and of the Magistrates and Town Council of , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Building a Bridge over the River 7 at or near the Town

of Perth, would be of great public Utility, and highly conducive to the Purposes of civilizing the Highlands, and promoting Industry in that Part of the United Kingdom, by opening a Communication to the Military Roads and Bridges already made there; that this beneficial Work cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament, for levying reasonable Tolls, and applying the same and such other Sums as may be raised for building the said Bridge, and for other Purposes necessary for carrying on the said Work: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers, Regulations, and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Grame, Mr.

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Fane, Mr. Rushout, Sir John , Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Upton, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Kymfton, Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Garth, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Paterson,

Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Dempster, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before' this House, an Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into and exported from England, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing from and to what Countries, with the Amount of the Duty and Drawback.

A - Bill to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under certain Restrictions therein to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant February, re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Trustees for any charitable Use or Uses.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to quiet the present PolTelTors of Leases from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, of Tythes, Tolls, and other incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases, and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such incorporeal Hereditaments, with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved.

Sir John Glynne presented to the-House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-V01..JO.

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapels under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arilen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Essex , is committed.

A Petition of the Molt noble John Duke of Atholl, and Charlotte Duchess of Atholl, his Wife, Baroness Strange, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Isle of Man, with its Dependencies, was originally granted by King Henry the lVth, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, dated the 6th of April, in the 7th Year of his Reign, to Sir John Stanley, under whom the Petitioner the Duchess claims by lirteal Descent, his Heirs and Assigns; that Family Disputes having arisen many Years subsequent to the Grant, which were determined by an amicable Adjustment, in consequence of a large pecuniary Consideration paid by William Earl of Derby, King James the First, in order toeffectuate the Accommodation, and to extinguish the Claims of the contending Parties, who had been satisfied, was graciously pleased to make a new Grant and Settlement of the llland, with its Appurtenances, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, dated the 7th of Julyin the 7th Year of his Reign, in favour of the said William then Eflrl of Derby, and Elizabeth his Wife, and James Lord their Son and Heir Apparent, and thereby to grant all the Ille, Castle Peel, and Lordship of Man, and all Islands and Dominions to the said llland belonging, all Royalties, Franchises, Liberties, Sea Ports, and all Things to Ports duly appertaining. Lands, Woods, Fo-rests, Chaces, Fisheries, Marshes, Waters, Commons, Lands gained or to be gained from the Seas, and all Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, situate, lying, or being within the said Ille, Castle Peel, and Lordship of Man, or within the Seas contiguous and adjacent to the said llland, or within any of the Islands and Dominions to the said llland howsoever belonging; the Patronage of the Bishopric of Sodor and Man, Courts of Admiralty, Courts Port Mote, Wrecks of the Sea, Anchorage, Groundage, and all other Rights, Royalties, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Liberties, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, in as full and ample a Manner as any other Person or Persons theretofore held the said Ille, Castle Peel, and Lordship, or any other Hereditaments within the same, or within the Sea thereto belonging, had or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, by virtue of any former Grants or Letters Patent from the Kings or Queens of England, or of any Act or. Acts of Parliament, lawful Prescription, Usage, or Custom, or any other Rights or Title, and as fully and amply as his Majesty or any of his Royal Predecessors, Kings or Queens of England, had, or ought to have held the fahne: To hold to the (kid William Earl of Derby, and EUzobetk his Wife,

L1 duriqg

Shenfield,

&c.

Road.

Isle of Mao*

130 130 Februarii. A. 1765-

Iflcof Man. during the natural Life of them and the longer Liver of were impowered, out of any Monies arisetv, dr W arise them, and, after their Decease, to the said James Lord from any Customs, Subfiles, Impositions, or other Stanley and his Heirs, to his and their only proper Use Duties upon the Importation or Exportation of any and Behoof; to be held of his Majesty, his Heirs and Goods or Merchandises, then or thereafter to be granted, Successors, for ever, by Homage Liege, and the Delivery or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs-or Successors, it* of Two Falcons Twice only, viz. immediately after the Great Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to dke£t

Homage made, and afterwards to the Kings of England the Payment of the Monies to be agreed on for such 00 their Coronation Day, in lieu of all other Customs, Purchase to the Persons entitled to receive the hune; and Services, and Demands, with divers other valuable and that the said , the last Earl of Dei by, died in thp Year

exteofive Privileges, and a Stipulation, on the Part of 1736, when the Istand and its Dependencies, by virtue the Crown, for a perpetual quiet Enjoyment to the of the Limitations in the preceding Letters Patent and Grantees of the Ille, and every thing the rewith grant- Act of Parliament, descended to the Most noble Jamtt ed: That an Act of Parliament afterwards passed, in Duke of late Father of the Petitioner the Du-?

the same 7 th Year of his Majesty King James the First, chefs, as Heir General to James Lord Strange-, and his intituled, An Act for the alluring and establishing of the Grace delivered to His present Majesty, upon His Co-IJleof Man, by which it was enacted, That the said ronation, the Two Falcons, reserved by the Grant, and William Earl of Derby, and the Lady Elizabeth his Wife, payable upon that august Solemnity; that the said during their Lives, and the longer Liver of them, and James Duke of Atholl afterwards departed this Life on after their Deaths the said James Lord Stanley and the the 8th Day of January 1764, and thereupon the said Heirs Male of his Body, and in Default thereof Robert Me and its Dependencies; devolved upon the Peti-Stanley and his Heirs Male, and in Default thereof the tioner the Duchess, his only Child: And that the Peti- Heirs Male of the Earl, and for Default of such Issue tioners, having so lately become Proprietors of the said the Right Heirs of the said James Lord Stanley, should. Me, are, in a great Degree, unacquainted with the par-and might for ever thereafter, have, hold, quietly en- ticular Treaties and Negotiations which have been car-joy, freely and clearly, against; his Majesty, his Heirs ried on between the Great Officers of the Crown and and Successors, under the Tenures and Services therein their Ancestors, touching the Purchase of the said Me, mentioned, and against the several Persons therein and other their Charter Rights and Jurisdictions, in and named, the Coheiresses of Ferdinando Earl of Derby, belonging to it, in consequence of the said Act of the and against the Heirs of the said Earl Ferdinando and 12th of his Majesty King George the First; but the Peti-Thomas Ireland, Esquire, his Executors and Administrationers, reluctant as they own themselves to be, to dil-tors, the said Me, Cattle Peel, Lordship of Man, and unite from the Honours of their Family, so ancient all Mands and Hereditaments thereto belonging, Royal- and princely a Patrimony, the Reward of the Service* ties, Franchises, Liberties, Sea Ports, and all Things and the Monument of the Virtues of their Ancestors, to Ports duly appertaining. Courts Admiral, Courts Port granted by Kings, and confirmed by Parliament, and Mote, Customs, Free Customs, Imports, Profits, Emo- derived to them by immediate Lineal Succession, luments and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate or being, through a Period of near 400 Years, do not presumo . renewing or happening, within the said Me, CafllePeel, to set their private Feelings and partial Confederations and Lordship, or within the Sea to the said llland ad- in competition with public Utility and Convenience; jacent or belonging, or in or within any other Mands, and, if the Service of the State demands a Resumptio/* Lands, Manors, Castles, Farms, or Lands, to the said of their ancient Hereditary Rights and Revenues, they Me belonging, or in, to, or out of the fame, or any throw themselves, with the most dutiful Submission, of them, howsoever incident or belonging, or Part or upon the Pleasure of their Sovereign, and the Disposal Parcel of the fame, or at any Time theretofore had, of Parliament, trusting with unlimited Confidence in known, accepted, enjoyed, or reputed, as Part thereof, the Justice of His Majesty and His Parliament, distin-and the Rents, Duties, Customs, and Services, thereto guished, in all their Acts, for their Attention to, and incident or appertaining, and all Liberties, Franchises, Tendemefs of, the Civil Rights and Property of the Privileges, Jurisdictions, Forfeitures, Immunities, Ex- Subject, and relying on the Faith held out and pledged onerations. Acquittals, and, Hereditaments, granted by to them by the Legislature on a former Occasion; that the preceding Letters Patefit; and the general Saving the Petitioners beg Leave to make this Declaration, at Clause expressly excepted his Majesty, his Heirs and a Time when Overtuxes have been made to them by the Successors; and that, by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Officers of the Crown, under the Powers of the said Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, Act; and when they observe, by the Votes of the intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty’* House, that a Bill is depending for a Second Reading, Revenues of Customs, Excise, and inland Duties, it intituled, A Bill for the more effectual preventing the was enacted, for better enabling his Majesty to prevent Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of -the Frauds and Abuses therein mentioned, in the ex- Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clan-porting or importing Goods and Merchandises to and destine Trade to and from the Isle of Man; by which, from the Isle of Man, that it should be lawful for the should the same pass into a Law, the Petitioners appre-Commissioners of the Treasury, on behalf of his Ma- hend, all the valuable Rights, Privileges, and Advan-jesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also for the then tages, granted to their Ancestors, under the Sanction Earl of Derby, and other Persons named in the Act, of the Legislative Authority, so long exercised and cn-and all other Persons claiming under the Earl, or any of joyed by them, to the Extent of their Grant, and so his Ancestors, to treat, contract, and agree for the ab- lately recognized by Parliament, will be wrested^and solute Purchase or Sale, Release or Surrender, to the torn from the Petitioners, without any Provision made Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of all or for that Recompence and Compensation which the Le-any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, which the Earl, giflature, upon a former Hearing of the Patentees his Tenants, and other the Persons aforesaid, then had Right, seemed to consider as a Debt to be paid by the or claimed, or Could or might have or claim, in or to Public, for the great consequential Advantages which the said Island or Lordship, or all or any Regalities, would result to the Community, from a Resumption ex-Powers, Honours; Superiorities, Jurisdictions, Rights, pedient perhaps for the State, but injurious and detri-Privileges, Duties, Customs, Revenues, Profits, or mental to the Proprietor: And therefore praying, That other Advantages whatsoever, in, over, or about the they may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, laid Istand of Man, or its Dependencies, for such Sum against the said Bill; and that the House will be pleased or Sums of Money, or upon such other Terms or Con- to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to Editions, as they should think fitting; and, upon tire grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as the Nature, ttftteCution of such Contraft, and the Conveyances to be Circumstances, and Justice of the same may require, thereby agreed on,' thie Commissioners of the Tteafary Qrd&edfTliaA. the said Petition do keoipon the Table; ' 14 - until

Discovery of the Longitude*

Answet

" to Address for Papers.

Cattle

imported from

Ireland.

Weights

and

Measures.

Ways and Means*

5 Geo. III. 130 — 140 Februarii. i 31

Until the raid Bill be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by theif Counsel, upon theif said Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the iath Year of the Ileign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Address of Monday last, that His M^jtfty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Cattle from , was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wish the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into k Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of May 175&, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto, ana to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which, upon the 2d Day of June following, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and also the Resolutions, which, upon the nth Day of April 1759, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto, and to report their Observaiions thereupon, together with theif Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which were the next Day agreed to by the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kyrtaston reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidet further of W&ys and Means for jarfing the Supply granted tb His Majesty.

1- Voi. 30.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Elis Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Supply Bill; House, according to Order, a Bill for granting certain Stamp Duties, and Other Duties, in the British Colonies Duties, and Plantations in America; and for applying the same towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing such Colonies and Plantations:

And the Tame was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second upon Friday Morning next.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’5 Ittterest is Horley concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the;

Open and Common' Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds* and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Hornton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; which Bill was, upon Tuesday thd 5th Day of this Instant February, read a Second Time, arid committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’5 Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Infereft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfo#

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis,140 die Februarii;

Anno 5° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Prayerjs.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Duke be added to the Gentlemen penn Inn who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Road, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn In*, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town «f Honiton, in the county of ;

and for amending the Road from to a Place

called Quandot's Gate-, and also several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid.

A Petition of Henry Cumbrey, Joseph Baggalev, Tkomat Seal fori Bowley, and others. Proprietors of Lands within the Inclosure, Open and Common Fields of Scalford, in the County of Leicester, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie greatly intermixed, and are, id their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And there- fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Sill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall feeoa meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, put-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Thm$0!

i$2 140 Februariu 176^5.

Thomas Cave and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

GHmftan A Petition of federal of the Proprietors of Lands, inclosure. Meadows, and Common Right, in the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Grimston, in the County of ter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, of the several Proprietors, in the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and cannot, in their

Erelent Condition, be improved in the Manner they might e, if inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the 'Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Charles Mor daunt, and Sir John Glynne,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wallingford Mr. Blackstone presented to the House, according to _ *nd, ' Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and to vary and Road.0*1 enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the lload From Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon; and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County; lo far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon-, and for discontinuing the said Term and Powers, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idson; and for repairing the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road, leading from Wallingford to Wantage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Agar’s Mr. Luther reported from the Committee, to whom Name. the Bill to enable William Ager, and his Ilfue, to take and use the Surname of Tumor, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Sawtnr Bridge, Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom air1^t the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House ;and he read the Report in his Place; and after wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Robinson, Surveyor, laid, That the Road leading from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge, and from the Great Road, Six Furlongs Well of Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet of Morton to and

from Snow Sewer to Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln, are in a ruinous Condition, and incommodious and narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

A Member present confirmed the foregoing Evidence,' as to the Condition of several Parts of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill far repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln; and from West Raijin to Pilford Bridge-, and from the Great Road about Six Furlongs West of Bishop Bridge, to Bishop Norton Common j and from the Hamlet of Morton to Crowle -, and from Snow Sewer to Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln:

And that Mr. Whichcot, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.

Willoughby, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders and principal Inhabit- Orton ants of the Manor of Orton and Raijbeck, in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; indofure.

setting forth, That there is within the said Manor, a large Open Common, which, in its present Condition, is of little ule to the Petitioners; but, if the feme was divided into specific Allotments to the several Proprietors, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, with such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Upton, Sir John Pennington, and General Slanwix, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Shrewfourjr others, residing in and near the Road therein-after to mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill to continue an Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Crefage, Harley, Much,

by Muckley Cross, and through M to and to enlarge the Powers of the said Act; and also to widen and amend other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and further setting forth. That there is a Road leading from the Village of Wall under , through Rujhbury, and from thence to the Lime Kilns at Blackwood; and another Road leading from the North Gate in Bridgenortli, by Dunval, to the Village of Nordley, and over Nordley Common to Linley Brook, in the County of Salop, which are very ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the same Bill, for the more effectual repairing the said Roads, or to grant such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgenortli, in the County of Salop, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Amcotts, Esquire, Lord of the Fenton Honor of Stowe and Wapentake of Well, in the County of Lincoln, and Lord of the Soil of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the said County, Parcel of the feme Seigniory, Patron of the Rectory of Kettlethorpe aforesaid, and Proprietor of several Freehold Lands, and Lessee of certain Meadow Grounds, in Fenton, within the said. Parish, under the Right reverend the Lord Bishop of Lincoln; Gilbert Hall,

Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Kettlethorpe aforesaid, and of John Wilberfofs, Esquire, George Hutton, Clerk, and several other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in,

certain

it

Fuhrer’s, &c. Nat.

Wi (beach to Lynn Road.

5 Geo. III.

14® Febma

IJ3

certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Pocock, Sir Edward Mr. Sir

Common Pastures, in Fenton aforesaid, and' in the said muni Mr. Upton, Lord Strange,. Mr.

Parish of Kettlethorpe, was prefefited to the House, and Sir Smith, Mr. Shaftoc, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Bou-

read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

respective Proprietors of the said Fields and Meadow Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Lincoln, and Northampton: Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the: and are at present incapable of any torisiderable Improve- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to' ment; and that, if Power was given to allot’ or divide fftid’far Persons, Papers, and Records.

and inclose the fame, and also the said Common Pastures, and to make a Satisfaction to the Rector and his SuccieC. fors for the Tythes of the said Parish, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be. given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in' such Manner, and with such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brozvnlozv Bertie and Mr. Which'c do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A' Pttition of sevenfl Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants' of the Counties of Wilts and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application hath been made to the House, to amend'an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for repairing several Hoads leading from Warminster, in the County of Wilts-, and also to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for: repairing the Roads leading from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to tire Eighteen.

Warminster

Roads,

in

MileStone, from the City of Sallsbury, and other Roads An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing AndrewFuhrer, was therein mentioned; and representing to the House, that read the Third Time. in the Road leading from Warminster, towards Amefbury,

ReJ'clved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, about Three Quarters of a Mile thereof, which lies within An Act for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer and Rene Labutti the Borough of Heytesbury, is directed to be repaired by Ordered, That Mr. Shiffner do carry the Bill to the an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, Who

for amending, among several other Roads therein mentioned, the Road from Wilton Bridge, to the Crols Road leading to Anjlrow If ill \ and that the Trustees appointed by Ihe said last mentioned Act have caused a Turnpike to

live near the great Road leading from Wisbeach, in the be erected at the West End of the said Borough, where all. Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, to Long Bridge, in Persons travelling between Warminster and are

South Lynn, otherwise All Saints, in the Borough of obliged to pay ’roll, for only passing through the said King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, whose. Hands are Borough, Which is very burthensome to the Petitioners thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and and all Persons travelling the said Road; and that the read; Setting'forth. That the Roads from the Little Road from Warminfer to the West End of the Town of Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, and from the Direction Post, at the Separa-

between Ropers Fields and the Bell Inn in Wisbeack, to the tion of the Sartim and Amefbury Roads, to the Top of Sign of the Bear in Walfuken, arid from Walfoken Bridge, Anjlrow Hill, is directed to be repaired by the first-men-to the said Sign of the Bear, and from thence through the tioned Act; and that, if so much of the said Road as lies

laid Parish of Walfoken-, and also through the several within the said Borough of Heytesbury was put under the Parishes of West Walton, Walpole Saint Peter's, Tcrrington Management of the Trustees for the Care of the War-, Saint -John'?., and Pitney Saint hazvrence, to the West End minster Roads, and the said Turnpike removed, it would of Lord's Bridge, in Islington, in the County of Norfolk; be beneficial to all Persons travelling that Road, and to

and from the East End of the same Bridge, through the all Persons having Estates in that Part of the County; Parish of lflington aforesaid, and the Parishes'df Wiggen- And that, if such Part of the said Road, from the said Di-hatl Saint Mary's, Wiggenhall Saint German's, Wiggenhall rection Post, leading towards Amesbury, now under the Saint Peter’s, and Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, to Care and Management of the Trustees of the Warminster the West End of Maudlin Bridge; and from the East Roads, was put under the Direction of the Trustees ap-End of Lord's Bridge aforesaid, through other Parts of pointed for the Care of the Amesbury Roads, the Peti-

~ ~ ' tioners apprehend, such Alteration would be of public

Utility and Advantage; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the several Matters aforesaid, as the House shall think just, and reasonable. ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

the said Parishes of If ingtott, Wiggenkall Saint Mary's, and Wiggenhall Saint Germans, to the West End of German's Bridge-, and from the East End of the same Bridge, through some other Parts of the same Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint Germans, and Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, to and through the Parish of South Lynn, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the said County of

Norfolk-, are narrow in many Places, and very deep and Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-

ruinoUs; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Turner, Mr. Harris, Sir John Penning ton, Mr. Lv.ttrSir Armine Wodehouse,

Lord Burgherfi, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Lord North, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Nu.geM, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Wood, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Irwin, Mr. Mcrwber, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Delaval, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Morant, Mr. Parker, Mr. Pozvell, Mr. Glover, Mr. Sir

Vo L.30.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Lord Coleraine, Mr. Harris, Mr. General A'Court,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynie, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bou-verie. Sir George Yonge, Mr. B/ackfone, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Villiers, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Serjeant Hewett, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Bedford, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Ongley, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynafon, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Clive, Mr. Butler, Mr. Garth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Southampton, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; George and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

M m A Petition

134 140 Februarii. Jl. 1765.

Warminster A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Roada. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into execution, or Creditors under the Security of, an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the lload leading from Bridge, to the

Turnpike Road at Willoughby in Knoyle, and

from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury-, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County of Wilts; and also an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to amend and render more effectual the said first -mentioned Act; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees to the said Acts are thereby authorized to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding^. 10,000, at Interest, on the Credit of the said Acts; and alleging, that the said Trustees have made a considerable Progress in the repairing and amending the said Roads, and for that Purpose have . taken up at Interest several Sums of Money, to the

Amount of ^.8,ooe in the whole; and that the Repairs of the said Roads cannot be completed, without taking up the remaining Two thousand Pounds; and that the Tolls at present taken at the several Gates erected by virtue of the said Acts, which are very numerous on Account of the Openness of the Country in many Places, by Means whereof the said Tolls are much evaded, will be but barely, if sufficient to answer and make good the Interest of the Monies borrowed, and to be borrowed, on the Credit thereof, and to keep the said Roads in Repair; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill or Bills for renewing, amending, or enlarging, the Powers of One or more Act or Acts, for the repairing another or other Turnpike or Turnpikes, in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, is or are now depending before the House; and that some Clause or Clauses is or are inserted, or intended to be inserted therein, for removing some Gate or Gates on the Petitioners Roads, and adding some Part or Parts of the said Roads to such other Turnpike or Turnpikes, or otherwise to abridge the Power of the Petitioners the Trustees, whereby the Petitioners, who have lent such Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, will be prejudiced in their Security, their Cud Security become precarious, and them-lelves rendered uneasy in respect thereof; and the Petitioners the Trustees may not be able to borrow the said remaining Sum of £. 2,000, or any Part thereof, for completing the Repairs of the said Roads; the Petitioners therefore relying on their present Parliamentary Security, humbly pray, that no Clause or Clauses may be received or pals into a Law; and for such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions are referred.

®lvr^eau's Mr. Serjeant Hewett reported from the Committee, to Name' whom the Bill to enable William Nevill Blondeau, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hart, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Hertford A Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers of the Church. Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the united Parishes of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church belonging to the said united Parishes is an ancient Fabric, very much

out of Repair, and, in its present Condition, unfit for the Inhabitants of the said united Parishes to resort to, to attend Divine Service; and that, in the Opinion of able and experienced Workmen, the said Church is capable of being effectually repaired, and made commodious and safe for the Inhabitants of the said united Parishes; but, as the Expences thereof will be burthensome to be effected by the Inhabitants of the said united Parishes only:

Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual repairing the said Church, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bouverie, Mr.

Byde, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Mawbey, Mr. Champion, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Pratt,

Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Tow Mr. Fuller, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Ward, Mr. Luther, Mr. Upton, Sir George Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Boulton, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Walsh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Garth, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Long, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert '

Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Essex, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at^Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and h^ve Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Mansfield and Inliabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham and to Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanjley; and from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, at Kelftridge, in the Parish of Ashover, in the said County of Derby, are become very deep and ruinous, and, in many Places, narrow; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sandys,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Prowse, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Boulton, Lord Grey, Sir John Glynne, Sir George Savile, Colonel Hot ham. Sir. Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Boone, Lord Midleton, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Colonel Fitz-roy, Mr. Upton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bagot, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone,

Mr. Tucker, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Luttrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Long Eaton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Jnciofure. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

Geo. III. 14 9 Februarii. 155

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Felmcrfham A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-Iuclofufe. unjQ subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmerjkam, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement , and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and indoling the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-' suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Fitzherbert, and Sir Edward Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Httcliff A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are H'a8n<rajr thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in exe-S ha dwell cution an Act made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty, Roads. for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Hig, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex; and also, from the West End of Brook Street, into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied; but the Petitioners apprehend the Repair of the said Road cannot be completed, and the Money due thereon repaid, during the subsisting Term of the said Act; and that the Petitioners find, in putting the said Act in execution, that some further and other Powers are necessary for the effectually putting the said Act in execution, for the Purposes thereby intended; and that it would be of public Advantage, if Power was given to water the said Roads in proper Sealbns; and that, from the Vicinity of the said Roads to the City of London, Persons travelling thereon are exposed to Robberies and other Outrages, which, the Petitioners apprehend, might, in great Measure, be prevented, if they were empowered to establish a regular Watch upon the said Roads, and to provide a sufficient Number of Lamps to light the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for the other Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Plummer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ongley, General Howard, Mr. Suit-van, Mr., Prat, Mr. Nugent, Mr, Sir Roger

Newdigate, Lord John , Mr. Henniker, Mr.

Mawbey, Mr. Major, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. , Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Fo-nereau. Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Boulton, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Suffolk; and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Vot. 30.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Milford, to the Petition of several Trustees for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill , and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dr-redted him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was rea<L

Mr. Robert Palmer, Clerk to the Trustees, informed your Committee, that great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, and that the Trustees have borrowed the Sum of £. 6,150 upon the Credit of the Tolls, and that the same cannot be repaid, nor the Repair of the Roads be completed, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged.

Nicholas Turner, Esquire, and Thomas Grey, Esquire, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through,

to the Top of Dunck ton Hill; and from Petworth to Stop-ham Bridge, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Butler, Mr. Mawbey, and Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to ~ Royfom whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution several Acts of Parliament for re- Bridge pairing the Highways leading from in the County Road,

of Hertford, to Wznsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon-, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others of the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the 9th and 12th Years of Queen Anne, and of the 13th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Carysfort, Sir John Hynde Cotton, and Mr. Byde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, HempeP* and Christopher John Schultz, was presented to the House, (*n«t when) and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring Nat* in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered,

Wynn’s

Nat.

Kipping’s

Cross

Road.

136 140 Februarii. 1765.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Glynne and Mr. Kynajldo prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of Sabine Z,ouijfeWynn was prdented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Glynne and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping s , in the1 Parish of Brenchley, in the County of through the

Parishes of Brenchley, Horsemond, and by

the left-hand Side of Iden Gree, to the Turnpike Road

on Wiljley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudhurjt Gore, through the Parish of Mar-den, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wmjhats Green, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dr. Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, predated to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1763, to the 31st of December 1764, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what muttered in the Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy-Office, 1 Am ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service nth February 1765. 3 of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1763, to the 31st of December 1764,

upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines; and what Number of each were borne, and what muttered in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 24th of January 1765.

; , 1 MONTHS. / SEAMEN. marines.

Borne. V Muttered. r Borne. Muttered on Board. Mustered on Shore.

January - -- -- - 20,692 20,125 3,628 2,718 670

February - - 20,103 I9»7i6 3’5°9 2,821 58+

March - - - - 19,227 18,444 3,460 2,590 684

April - - - 18.797 19,614 3»I2i 2,424 5-°

May - 18,441 19,736 3,n6 2,533 499

June - -- i8,353 19,890 3,158 2,474 600

7u/y 16,473 16,670 3,062 2,316 684

August ----- i5>J33 15,083 3,152 2,375 7 °5

September - - - 15,148 14,887 3*253 2,506 649

October - 15.47° 15,092 2,971 2,260 649

November - -- -- - 15.418 14,692 2,876 2,149 649

December - -- -- - 15,838 I5»°39 2,840 2,115 649

209,093 208,988 38,146 29,281 7,542

Upon a Medium - - i7>424 I7,4i5 3,‘78 2,440 628

G. Cockburne. Tho, Slade. W. Bately. E. Mason. T.

0

Account

preLmeiL

Distressed

Debtors.

Ditto.

Stamp Cross to

Cambridge

RuacL

Westcote

Inclosure.

Tythe

of

Madder.

5 Geo. IIL 14° Febru

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the distressed Prisoners for Debt confined in the County Gaol at CarlijleCumberland: And also,

A Petition of the several unfortunate Prisoners for Debt, in His Majesty’s Gaol of the County of in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Prisoners in the several Gaols within the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read \ complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally Ordered to lie upon the Table,; '

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committed to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,'intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross, to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge, for repairing the Road from mire to Cambridge, and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from to Cambridge; so far as the feme relate to that Part of

the Road leading from Foulmi to Cambridge, and the other Roads therein mentioned to be adjoining the reto) was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. James Day, being examined, laid, That the Road from the Chalk Pits near Hauxton Mill, to join the old Road near the House of Mr. Pater-son on the other Side of Hauxton Stream, is the nearer and moll commodious Road; and that it will be necessar)' to build a Bridge across the Stream, for want of which many Accidents have happened; and that the said Act is, in many Respects, defective, with respect to the District of Road leading from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the other Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross, to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to and other Roads adjoining thereto; lb far as the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, the Lord Carysfort, Mr. , and Mr. John Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Ty thing, of , in the

Parish of Waddefdon, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Ty thing, of in the Parish of

Waddefdon, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dyers, Calico Printers, and others using Madder in their several Trades, in behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Madder being a principal Ingredient in Dying and Calico Voi. 30.

Printing, great Quantities thereof are annually used irt this Kingdom; and that an Act was passed in the 31st Year of his kte Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof; which was to continue in Force for Fourteen Years only; and that the said Act, from the Shortness of the said Term, hath not answered the End of the Petitioners,- the Price of Madder having, since its Commencement, been greatly advanced, whereby the Petitioners have been obliged to raise their Prices to their Employers; in consequence whereof great Part of the Trade is removed, and now carrying on in France, and other foreign Parts; and that the manufacturing of Madder from the Setting of it, to its being fit for Use, requires so long Time, and great Expence in building Mills, and other Requisites, that it is apprehended many Persons may be deterred from beginning the Cultivation of it, unless the Term of the said former Act be further continued: And therefore praying, That the Term of the said Act may be extended; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Turner, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Willy, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Evelyn, Mr. Calvert, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir George Savile, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Prefect, Mr.

Mr. Cufl, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Jackson, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir George Pocock, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Clive, Mr. Jennings, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Glover, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Holt, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord Grey, Mr. Hewelt, Mr. Burt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Maw bey, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Harris, Mr. Barrd, Mr.

Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Wilbrakam, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Howe, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. HuJJ'ey; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made a further Progress in performing and executing the Powers and Trulls reposed in them by the said Acts; in the doing whereof they perceive that the said Acts are defective, with respect to feme of the Powers thereby given; nor can the said Acts be effectually put in execution, so as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, unless feme new Powers are granted, and the said Acts in other respects amended and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Panmure, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Plumer, General Howard, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mawbey, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Edmonstone, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John Glynne, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Alderman

N n Beckford,

Westminster

Paving,

138 14 0 Febr. A. 17^5.

Bedford, Lord Of well. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Parker, rishes of Saint and Saint Margaret, New

Mr. Qngley, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Vansittart, Street, London, to be taken down and removed, as should Mr. Wood, Mr. Martin, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Eyre, Mr. be necessary for laying the Site or Ground of the said Cholmley, Mr. Block/}one, Mr. Sandys, Sir Anthony Abdy, PariQt Church, at the North and South Ends of the Lord Tavifock, Mr. Dodd,' Mr. Fuller, Sir Brooke Tower Or Steeple thereof, together with the Passage Bridges, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Howard, Mr. Clive, Mr. through the said Tower or Steeple, into the said North

Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. F* East Avenue of the said Bridge; and the Petitioners . rejier, Mr. Henniker, Doctor Hay, Lord Grey, Mr. Bou- were, by the said Act, required to treft a Vestry Room, verie 5 and all the Members who serve for the Counties for the Service of the said Church, in the Church Yard, of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey: And they are to oft the South Side of the said Church, and also an En-tneet this Attcrnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the gine House to adjoin thereto; and alleging, that the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- Petitioners have proceeded to execute the Powers and Ions, Papers, and Records. Trusts given by the said Acts, with all podible Attention

to so great a Service for the public Utility j and that the Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft Charges attending the Works already performed, and Gloves. Account of all foreign manufactured Gloves and Mit- to be performed, amount, by Computation, to the Sum tins that have been seized and condemned by the Offi- of £. 104,686. 1 7 £</. and that the Petitioners hav$

cers of His Majesty’s Customs in England, for Seven received., by tljc Produce of the said Tolls, the Sum of Years lad past, to Christmas 1764; didinguithing each /. 4,465. lir. 3 and by Sale of the Materials of Year, together with the Produce arihng from the Sale Houses taken down, the Sum of £. 3,719. 12 1 d. and

thereof. by sundry Grants from Parliament ,£.71,210. 12*. 6

making together I5S- exclusive of

East India A Bill for the regulating Qualifications of the Propri* ^.6,391. is. (id. which, upon the fatal burning of the Company; etors of jHj;a §iock, was read a Second Time. Temporary Bridge, was conditionally borrowed of the

dun location Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boulton, Bridge House, all which said several Sums amount, in Proprietors. Mr. Sulivan, Sin Edward Turner, Sir Matthew Feather- the Whole, to *£.83,786. 18 s. 4 and which Sum Jlonhaugh, Mr. Watjh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Soli- being deducted from the said Sumof^.i04,686. izs. 7%d. citor General, Mr. Thomas Walpole, Sir George Colehrooke, there appears a Deficiency of 18,899. 14 s. $\d. un-

Mr. Jackson, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Orwell, provided for by Parliament, exclusive of the said Money Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Charles B- conditionally borrowed of the Bridge House Estate *. bury, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Mawbey, Sir George And therefore praying the House will take the Premises Yonge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Staunton, Mr. into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such fur-Burrell, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Mr. Jenkin- ther Sums of Money, as will enable them to fulfil (lie fou. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. HuJJ'ey, Mr. Hunter> Mr. Trusts reposed in them by the said Acts of Parliament, Qngley, Mr. Ryder, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hume, Sir for the Benefit of the Public; or to give the Petition-William Beauchamp Problor, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sandyers such further Relief as to the House shall feern

Mr. IVhilworth, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Plumer, meet.

Mr. OJ'wald, Lord Howe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burrell, Mr. . Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Rigby, Mr. Whichcot; and all the Merchants of the Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty,

House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti-

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the

Ordered, That ail have Voices who come to the Com- House. mittee to whom the said Bill is committed. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-London The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs mine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact con-

Bndge. of the city Qf London attended at the Door; he was tained in the said Petition:

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Har-

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Mr. Rigby, Mr. Martin, Lord Barrington, Lord mons, of the City of London, in Common Council North, Mr. Dyson, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. assembled. Mr. Ryder, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Charles

And then he withdrew. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Sir Ro-

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That ger Newdigate, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sir Antho-

the Petitioners, upon the Application of divers Mer- ny Abdy, Lord Catherlough, the Matter of the Rolls, chants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the Mr. Mawbey, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Gilbert,

City of London, and Borough of Southwark, and of the Mr. Ongley, Mr. Harris, Mr. Forrester, Sir John Eve-several Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sufex, to the lyn, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Burrell, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir House, were, by an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his John Turner, Lord Harry Pozvlett, Mr. Hume, Mr. Drat, late Majesty, to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Paf- Mr. Harbord, Sir Francis Vincent, Colonel Hot ham. Urges over and through London Bridge, empowered to Lord Howe, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Mr.

make such Purchases, and required to take down such Alderman Sir Richard Glynn, Mr. Martin,

Houses and Buildings as they should judge necessary for Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

the Enlargement and Improvement of the Passage over, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. and the Avenues leading to and from, the said Bridge, Parker, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whitworth, Doctor and ailo to widen and enlarge One or more of the Arches Hay, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Honeyvjood-, and thereof; and certain Tolls were thereby granted and all the Members who serve for the City of vetted in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of don, and Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Hert-the said City, for that Service; and that, by another ford, and Kent: And drey are to meet this Afternoon, Act, passed in the 31st Year of his laid late Majesty, for at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and applying a Sum of Money, then granted for the Service have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; of London Bridge, and for rendering more effectual the and all who come to the Committee are to have said former Act, the said Tolls granted by that Act were Voices, discontinued; and that, by a subsequent Act, passed in

the 2d Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge and im- The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs prove the North East Avenue of the said Bridge, the Peti- of the City of London attended at the Door; he was tioners were authorized and required to cause so much called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, of the Fabric of the Parish Church of the United Pa- A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, apd Cpm-16 . ..frions

e

Rebuilding

Newgate.

5 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

139

mons of the City of in Common Council

assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Gaol of Newgate is the Common Gaol for the City of Lon Jan and the County of Middlesex; and that, for several Years last past, there have been,

Amis, near a Thousand Persons committed to the said Gaol, Two Thirds of which have been Pri-

fotiers; and that the said Gaol is a very ancient, ill-conftxufted, ciofc, and incommodious Building, and, in its present State, unfit for the Reception of Piiloners committed there; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied, that the present State and Condition of the said Gaol merits the Attention of the Legislature; and that. On a careful Examination and Survey, it appears, that the same cannot be rendered healthy and commodious, without being taken down, and rebuilt on a more extended Plan; and that the Petitioners are ready and willing to do every thing towards the promoting a Work of such public Utility, that, on their Part, can equitably be expected or required; but that the same cannot, as the Petitioners are advised, be carried into execution, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa--mirte the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert , Mr. Alder-

man Harley, Mr. NugentMr. , Sir William Beaiithump ProElor, Mr. Mr. , Sir

Roger Newdignte, Sir John Turner, Lord Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dyson, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Richard Glynn, Lord _ Charles Montagu, Sir William Baker, Lord

vii/e, Mr. Tucker, Sir George Warren, General Honeywood, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Upton, Mr. Hezvett, Sir James Dash Lord Frederick Campbell,

Mr. Whichcot, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Colonel

Barre, Mr. Gray, Lord Barrington, Mr. Glover, Lord North, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Fomereau, Mr. Townshend, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Buller, Mr. Butler, Lord Howe, Mr. Robinson, Mr Hervey, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of sex, EJJ'ex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perform, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Wareham A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. Roads. That the Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Borough of Wareham, in the Counlyof Dorset, be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Fortnight" and adding the Words Three Months" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Fortnight" Hand Part of the said Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Three Months" be added instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question thus amended being put;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Discovery Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the of the Instructions given to Mr. John Harrison, and the onptu e. persons appointed to make the Observations, relative to the Second Trial of his Time-keeper.

Vol. 30,

Mr. JenkittfoH presented to the House, according to Land T Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Culnm"flio"*rt execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or alfelTed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time, within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Account

Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he of

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, 04

pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Coals brought into the Port of London, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th January 1765; distinguishing each Year, and from what Places.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Accounts; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Sufferance he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, '

An Account of the Number of Sufferances, granted by the honourable Commissioners of the Customs, for landing Goods on private Wharfs, from 1737

to Christmas 1764: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign Wrought Silks exported from England, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing to what Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon: And also,

A Return to the several Orders of the House, dated 11 th February 1763, relative to the Importation and Exportation of Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Mit-tins, and Silk Pieces.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the said Return was also read.

Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Committee of Merchants and Traders within the Port of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to make a proper Application for an Extension of the lawful and public Wharfs, in behalf of themselves and the said Merchants and Traders, is referred.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Return are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Kymflon, according to Order, reported from the Weigla* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and to consider of the Refutations, which, upon the 26th Measure*. Day of May 1758, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of

Weights

140 14° FebruaA. 1765.

Wrights

and

Measur/e.

Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto, and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which, upon the 2d Day of June following, were, with Amendments to several

of them, agreed to by the House; and also the Rcfolu-tions, which, upon the nth Day of April 1759, were reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the original Standards of Weights and Measures in this Kingdom, and to consider the Laws relating thereto, and to report their Observations thereupon, together with their Opinion of the most effectual Means for ascertaining and enforcing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures to be used for the future; and which were the next Day agreed to by the House; the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cle.L’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person making or felling Measures of Capacity, shall be obliged to take out an Annual Licence, within the Space of Forty Days after a Day to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which every such Licence shall be ingrossed, written, or printed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for every Aflizing, Sealing, or Marking every Gallon, or greater Measure of Capacity, the Sum of Three Pence; for every Quart, or other greater Measure less than One Gallon, the Sum of Two Pence; and for every Measure less than a Quart, One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person making and felling of Weights, shall be obliged to take out an Annual Licence, within the Space of Forty Days after a Day to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which every such Licence shall be ingrossed, written, or printed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for the First Aflizing, Sealing, or Marking of every Weight, not being less than Sixty-eight Pounds One Ounce and Twelve Penny Weight, the Sum of Three Pence; and for every Re-aflizing, Re-sealing, or Correcting any such Weight, the Sum of One Penny Half-penny; for the First Aflizing, Sealing, or Marking of every Weight, being more than One Pound Two Ounces and Twelve Penny Weight, and less than Sixty-eight Pounds One Ounce and Twelve Penny Weight, the Sum of Two Pence; and for every Re-aflizing, Re-sealing, or Correcting every such Weight, One Penny; and for every Aflizing, Sealing, or Marking of every'Weight, being more than Half of One Ounce, and less than One Pound Two Ounces and Twelve Penny Weight, the Sum of One Half-penny; and for, every Half Ounce, and other inferior Weight, One Farthing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for every Aflizing, Sealing, or Marking every Measure of Length, the Sum of One Penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies which shall arise by the said Stamp Duties, and by the Aflizing, Sealing, and Marking of Weights and Measures, as aforesaid, ought to be applied in discharging the Expence of carrying into execution the Regulations, proposed to be established by the Resolutions relating to Weights and Measures, which were

agreed to by the House on the Second Day of June 1758; and the Twelfth Day of April 1759.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon^ agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army; for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, torces. while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Blackheath,

D 9 ' r

Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Smal[

Debts within the Hundreds of Black Heath, of Bromley Dcbu.

and Beckenham, of Rokefey, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lefj'ness, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Donningtoa for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common l«wlofure. Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Donnington, in the Parish of Stozv on the IVold, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury be added to the Compton Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Per- Axn^fter fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees p'" a and Creditors under an Act of the 26th of his late Majesty’s Reign, inrituled, An Act for repairing-and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish o f Lower Compton, in the County of through

the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkern, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, and several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of merfet; and of several other Persons living in and near the Towns of llminster. Chard, and other Places, who frequently travel the Road from Chard to Honiton through Stockland; is referred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the Foot Law*, whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, that they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

s Geo. m.

15° Februarii.

FeneriS) 15* die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III. U Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

Silk A PETITION of several Mercers and Traders Mannutture. jn £|ie Manufacture, whose Names are sub-

feribed, in behalf of themselves and others concerned in the same Business, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, , on behalf of them-

selves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great , has

been presented to the House, praying futh Relief, on behalf of the Silk Manufacture, as to the House shall appear reasonable; and that the Petitioners also observe, a Petition of several Mercers has been presented to the House; felting forth, that if the Importation into this Kingdom of all Foreign Wrought Silks were to be prohibited, or any higher Duty laid, it would be very injurious, not only to themselves, but to the Public in general, and likewise a great Loss to the Revenue; and that theft; Petitioners apprehend, that the Importation, Use, and Wear of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, tend to the great Discouragement of the Petitioners Trade and Business, of the Silk Manufacture, and Silk Trade in general: And therefore praying the House to grant such Relief to the Silk Manufacture of this Kingdom, as to the House shall appear reasonable and necessary to encourage and support the Silk Manufacture, and Silk Trade of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion‘of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

Houghton A Petition of William , Gentleman, the Re-

°" *je verend George Cou/ton the Elder, Richard Hill, Joseph Inclosure. Burney, Gentlemen, and others. Proprietors of Lands within the Common and Open Fields of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, 'That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie greatly intermixed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Jarrit Smith, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hertford A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Church, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at a Vestry held in the Parish Church of All Saints Hertford, February 12th, 1765* pursuant to a Notice given only on the preceding Sunday, several of the principal Inhabitants being debarred, by their Occupations, from attending upon to thort a Notice, a Majority was obtained, which determined to present a Petition to the House, fur a Grant 1,500 (though a Faculty applied for has not been obtained in the Spiritual Court) to repair a ruinous old Fabric of a Church, as appears by the Attestation of several able Builders and Surveyors; that the Petitioners have therefore most solemnly objected to it, humbly hoping to VoL. 30.

I4t

make it appear, that a new Church will be attended with less Incumbrances, and be more beneficial to the Parishioners: And therefore most earn ftly craving.

That such Petition may not be granted* till the Plans of the Opposers to such Petition be examined.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the United Parishes of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, is referred.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petition is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, BufgefleS, and Warwick principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in to the County of Wanvick, and of the several Gentleitlen °Roadl and others, residing near the said Borough of Warwick, usually travelling the Road therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the said Borough of Warwick to -ampton is, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road, from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, to the Town of Northampton, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Methuen, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ridley, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Frederick Campbell,

General S/anwix, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Coionel

Irwin, Mr. Laurence, Lord George Mr. Morton,

General Conway, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Barri, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Savile, Sir John Glynne, Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Buller, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Edmonflone, Sir William Maynard, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Townshend, Lord Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Constables, Burgesses, and principal Mmehead, Inhabitants of the Borough of Mineheain the County of Somerset, and several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, a s* and others, of the Counties of Somerset and Devon, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from to Dunfier,

Timberfcombe, Helebridge, Du/verflon, and by the River, and by Brushford Green, to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and to Bat ham Bridge, in the Parish of Bampton,

in the County of Devon, and from Brufbfori aforesaid, to Worth Cross, in the Parish of Tiverton; and from

Minehead to Carhampton, Bi/lbrook, Fair Cross, and Har-

trexu Gate, in the Parish of Elworthy, and from Carhampton, to Watchet, in the Parish of and

from Watchet aforesaid, to or near the said Village of Ridon, and to a Place in the Town and Parish of Jlowey, where the Bridgewater Turnpike ends; and from Watchet aforesaid to Tower Hill, at the South East: End of the Village of Williton, in the said Parish of Saint Decumans; and from Watchet, by Way of Bells, to Fair Cross aforesaid; and from thence to on Brendon Hill, to Rqbery Lane, and to Bampton, in the County of Devon; are in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Parts, narrow and incommo iious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by

O o the

Jlamhorough

Inclosure.

Braithwell

Inclosure.

Leare of

Absence.

Jfgw’s IS at.

14a 150 FebriiatiuA. 1765.

the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (Hall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr. Skiff Her, Sir

Edward Bayntun, General Hoz Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Methuen, Sir Charles Mr. Lane,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Mr.

tieux. General Lambton, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gilbert, Colonel Barre, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Morton, Lord Gage, Mr. Mr. Alderman

liar ley. Sir George Amyand, Mr. Keppel, Mr. Hume, Lord North, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, General Stanwix, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord

Howe, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Rigby, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordshipand Parish of brough, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the Firfk Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Thomas Duke of Leeds, Knight of the Moll noble Order of the Garter, Lord of the Manor, and of several others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the Parish of Braithwe/l,in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, Two Op en Common Pallure Fields, called Brailhwell and Micklebring Common, and Cockhill Common, together with a small Piece of Ground called Braithwell Green, the whole containing, by Ellimation, 200 Acres; and that the said Fields and Piece of Ground are, in their present Situation, very inconvenient, and incapable of Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter Scott have Leave to Hay in the Country, on account of the Indispositionof his Lady.

An ingrefied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Dirk Jager, of London, Merchant, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lane, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Builtr, Mr. Butler, Mr. Montagu, Lord Coleraine, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Moreton, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir George Amyand, Sir Anthony Abdy,

Mr. Nugent, Sir George Savile, Mr. Aufrere, Sir George Metham, Mr. Gray, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Parker, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Pigot, Mr. Glover, Colonel Mr.

le\\ Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. , Mr. Paterson,

Mt.Towtjhend. Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Bolton, Mr.

18

Bouverie, Sir Robert Long, Mr., Long, Mr. Mr.

Plummer, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Walter, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of West Quantoxhead, Haft Quan

Ho/ford, Kelt on, Dodington, and Nether Stozvy, in the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

holders, and others, residing near, and travelling on the Roads therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Petition is, or is designed to be, presented, praying that the Roads through t,e several Parishes aforesaid may be repaired, by the Aid of a Turnpike, from the Town of Min the said County of Somerset, to Watchct, in the Parish of Saint D caimans, in the said County of Somerset, and from Watchct aforesaid to a certain Place in the Town and Parish of Nether Stowy aforesaid, where the Bridgewater Turnpike ends; and setting forth, to the great Surprile of the Petitioners, that " the Roads, in the several Parish.s " first above-mentioned, are in a ruinous Condition,

" and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and " cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in " Repair by the ordinary Course of Law;" and these Petitioners allege, that the said Roads, leading through the said abovementioned Parishes, are not in a ruinous Condition, nor in any Part too narrow, or otherwise incommodious, and may and can be effectually kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, should the Bill petitioned or intended to be petitioned for, pals into an Act, in the full Extent as therein fp.cified, it will bring a very burthensome and uleless Expence to the Petitioners and many others: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Roads leading through the said several Parishes may not be included in the M or any other Turnpike Bill; and that the Petitioners miy have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tec Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Constable, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Minehead, in the C unty of Somerset, and several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Somerset and Devon, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads thereafter mentioned, is referred.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are seised and possessed of several Ellates in the said Fields, which lie open and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any confide able Improvement; and that it will be for the Benefit of the several Parties interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think prop.r.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir New'dig ate,

and Mr. Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor or Manors of Syresham, otherwise Sifeham, in the County of Northampton, and of the Patron and Senior incumbent of the Parish Church there, and of several other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Commons, in the Open and Common Fields of Svre/ham, otherwise at >relaid, and of Common of Failure and other Properties in and upon certain Tracts or Parcels of Common Ground within the said Manor or Manors and Par lb, commonly called Crowfield Common and Sifeham Wild, whole Names

afe

Minehead,

&c\

Grannurrow I nc iota re.

Snefham

IiKbiare.

Coterne

Rectory.

Stockport*

&c.

Roads.

5 GEo, III, 15° Februa 143

arc thereufitfl subscribed, was presented to the Iloule, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are leiled and possessed of several Estates and Propertied in the said Fields; and alsoofa Right of Common and other Properties in and upon the said Common Ground, which lie intermixed and dispersed in imail Parcels; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, if the same were inclosed and divided into just Allotments; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor or Manors and Parish of , otherwise

Sifeham, in the County of Northampton, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Kynajhn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rediory of Cclerne, in the County of Wilis, to the Office of Warden of the College of Saint U ;ry of Winehtjler, in Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Nets; digate. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Walter Mr.

B got. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Long, Mr. Tucker, Sir George Savile, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bootle, Sir

Janies Dafiizvotd, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Jennings, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Dr ax, Mr.

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Cafiuall, Mr. Foley, Mr. I Card, Mr. Parker, Mr. Plumper, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Mr. Morton, Mr.

Rajhleigh, Mr. Black ft one. Lord , Mr. Gray,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Vansittart, Sir Ermine Wodehouse, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Pocock; artd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Warwick, Southampton, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Chefer, Lancaster, hnd York, residing near, and usually travelling, the High Roads therein after mentioned, lying in the same Counties, whole Names afe thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from thi present Turnpike Road in Stockport, to the Finger Post at Saxon Lane, and adjoining to the present Turnpike Road at the East End of the Townlhin of Audenftiazv, otherwise OudenJ/iaw; and also the Road from the Cross in Ashton under Line, to for's Lanefield, or Doctor's Gate, adjoining to the present Turnpike Road leading from Huddersfield, to Oldham; and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road, at or near the Finger Post, in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottrdm, in; are

in a very ruinous Condition, narrow and founderous in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Provisions of the Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, or widening and altering, so much of the several Roads before mentioned, as are therein before described, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Meredith, Sir George

Warren, Mr. Fuller, Mr. De Grey, Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. Ridiey, Sir Char’esMor daunt, Mr. Upton, Mr.

hend, Mr. Dowdeszve/l, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kdmonstone,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Cono/ly, Mr. Dyfun, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Glover, Mr. Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Vol. 30.

Plummer, Mr. Harris, Lord North, Mr. Dra'x, Mr. Parker, Sir John Glynns, Mr. KMr. Prowse, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Gray, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Morton, Mr. Which Mr. Vt. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bidler; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties ot Lan-casier, Cliefier, Stafford, York, and Derby; and for the Prin-

cipality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and Occupiers of Lands, lying near the High Road leading from the Town and Borough of New Mahon, in the North Riding of the County of York, to the Market Town of Pickering, in the said Riding, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Korth End of a Street in the said Town and Borough, called Old Mahon Gate, to and through the said Town, and from thence to Pickering, is, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous, narrow, and much out of Repair, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given t<? bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Savile Finch, Mr. Lascelles, Lord North, Sir Wi/liam Meredith, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Byde, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Charles -daunt. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Hunter, Lord Orzuell, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Hume, General M r. Mi lies,

Mr. Jac kfon, Mr. Satidys, Lord Hozve, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Glover, Mr. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Fonnerean, Mr. Boulton, Mr.

Mr. Stephens, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gray, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Blackstone, General Honeywood, Mr.

ham Bootle, Mr. Morton, Mr. Luther, Co.onel Hozve, Mr.

Vernon, Lord Warkworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Wefi mor eland., Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Buyers, and Dealers irt Woollen Broad Cloth, in the Borough of Leeds, and West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having lten, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented front the Justices of the Peace afi'embled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the said West Riding, the Grand Jury at the same Sessions, and the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Manufacturers in the same Riding; and alleging, that these Petitioners, not having been previously acquainted wirh the Intentions of the said Petitioners, pray, that, before the several Acts mentioned in the said Petition, or any of them, be repealed, or any Act passed in Consequence of such Petition, these Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the H nufe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, afi'embled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Grand Jury at the fame

S-ffions, the Gentlemen, Tradelinen, Clothiers, and other Manufacturers in the same Riding, is reieired: and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered,

Milton

♦o

Pickering

Road.

Woollen

Cloth

Manufacture#

Bulbeck

Inclosure*

Symondburn

Inclosure.

144 15 0 Februariu1765.

Ordered, That It be an In$ru£tion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

A Petition of George Baker, Esquire, Lord of the Ba-fohy or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland-, and also of the several Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Barony or Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves and other the Freeholders and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon a Certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Land, therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there is a large Common Moor, or Tract ot Waste Land within and belonging to the said Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, containing, by Estimation, 12,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said George Baker is Lord of the said Manor, and, as such, is Owner of the Soil, Inheritance, and Royalties, of the said Common Moor, or Waste Land; and himself and others have a Right to departure their commonable Cattle thereupon; and alleging, that the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said Common Moor, or Waste Land, which, in its present State and Condition, is of very little Use or Service, may be inclosed, cultivated, improved, and divided amongst the Lord of the said Manor and the several Freeholders and Land Owners entitled to Right of Common on the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuafit to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Delaval and Mr. Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Sir Lancelot Allgood, Knight,

Reed, Esquire, Edward Charlton, Esquire, Thomas Airey, Esquire, William Charlton, Esquire, John Ridley and Reynold Charlton, Gentlemen; and also of the several Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of , and County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of themselves and other the Freeholders; Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the Tracts of Waste Ground, Moors, or Commons, therein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are Two large Tracts of Waste Ground, Moors, or Common', within and Parcel of the Barony or Manor of Warke, in the County of Northumberland, one called Fell, or Warke's

Common, containing, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, the other called Broad Poole, otherwise Work's Shield Common, containing by Estimation 6,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the honourable isaac Townshend, Esquire, and certain other Commissioners or Governors and Directors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, are Lords of the said Barony or Manor, and, as such, are Owners of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Two Wastes, Moors, or Commons; and that the Petitioners, and several other Freeholders and Land Owners of and within the said Parish, have and enjoy a Right to departure their Commonable Cattle upon the said Two Wastes, Moors, or Commons, or

One of them; and that the Lords of the said Barony

or Manor of Warke, and the Petitioners, are willing and desirous that the fame, which, in their present Condition, are of little Use, may be cultivated and improved, and be divided and inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the said Lords of the said Manor, and the Petitioners, and the other several Freeholders and Land Owners entitled to Right of Common thereon respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under

such Regulations, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition i And that Mr. Delaval and Mr. Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlerrten, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, and Leicester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, redding in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, on the behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the public Road leading from the Bridge, at or near the East End of Baftbury, in the County of through the Hamlet of Grimfbury, the Parish of Chat-combe, the Towns of Wardington, Chippen Warden, By-fe/d, and Charwelton, in the Parishes of Fauf.ey and Badby, the Hamlet of Drayton, the Town and Parish of Daventry, and thence through the Parishes of Ledgers Ashby, and Kilfby, to the Watling-street Road, at or near the North East Corner of KHfby Open Fields; thence, along the dime Road, about Three Miles, to a Place called The Gibbet, through the Town and Parish of Cottefbatch, through Part of the Parish of to the South End of Mil!field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Lei; are, in many Parts thereof, in a founderous Condition, and, in the Winter Sealbn in particular, almost impalfable; and the Means provided by Law for repairing the Highways are not sufficient effectually to amend and keep the said Road in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and Widening the said Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord North, Lord Mr. Harris, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bagot, Lord Grey, Sir Armine 'Wodehouse, Mr. Hunter, Lord Warkworth, Mr.

Drax, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hotham, Mr. Tuck-field, Lord Carysfort, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Bayntun, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Townfiiend, Mr* Montagu, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Morton, Mr. Edmcnfione, Sir George Tonge, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bull, Mr. Mr. Hume, M r. Nugent,

Sir Jarrit Smith-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Oxford, -

cester, and Warwick: And they are to meet riris Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, redding near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads thereafter mentioned, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Adcock said, That he knows the Roads mentioned in the Petition, and that the same are very narrow and incommodious, and car.not be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Raper confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the City of

ork.

Bin burr* Arc. Road.

York

Road.

5 Gio. m.

is

Cha?el on the Heath Roail.

Hancorn’s

Name.

Lytcham

WcJotnre.

York, by Grimston Smithy, in tke East Riding of the County of fork, to Kexby Bin the same Riding; and also from Grimston Smithy aforesaid, in Two Branches, the One to a certain Gate in the Road between Kirby Under dak, and Pocklington, at the upper End of Hill, in the said Biding, and the other to and through EhiugtoH, to Ehington Bridge, in the said Riding; And that Mir. Lane, Mr. Lsfcei/ts,'and Sir do

prepare, and bring in> the lame.

Mr. Rujhtut reported from the’Committee, -to whonft

the Petition of the Trustees, and- others, for repairing the Road from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton oh the Hill, in the County of Glav-xester, was referred. That the Committee lud examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove die Allegations of the la'd Petition, an Act, made in tie 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and also an Act, made in the ,17th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, were read.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to youir Committee, the Mortgage Deed of the Trustees for

1,400. which, a Member pretent informed your Committee, remains unpaid. And,

The Reverend Doctor Thomas Burton, being examined, feid, That he knows the Roads mentioned in the Petition, and that they are in very bad Repair, and cannot be pet into effectual Repair, and the Monty now dfab, repaid, during the prelint Term, and that an Increase of Tolls, and other Rowers, will be necessary.

A Member prdent confirmed the above Evidence. '

Ordered, That Leave bp given to bring in a Bill, for -ebntiauing the Terms of Several Acts, and for giving for ther Powers, for repairing the Road leading from Chapdo/l the He&th, in the County of , to rftw on the Hill, in the County of GloucesterAnd that Mr. Rnshout, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir John anrd Lord Charles Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Philip Fomermi reported from the Committee, io whom the Bill to tnoble Richard , Clerk, heretofore called Richard Hancorn, and his Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pnr-fuaat to the Will of Baldwin Dup Esquire, deceased,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Common Right, in and upon a Common, called North Lyng, in Lytcham, in the County of Norfolk, and also claiming Right of Common or Shackage in and over certain Lands in the said Parish, was presented to tire House, and read; Setting forth. That if the said Right of Common and Claim of Shackage were extinguished, and Satisfaction made, it would be an Improvement to their several Estates in the said Pari fit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be granted to bring in a Bill for extinguishing the said Rights and Claims, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. De Grey, Sir Armine IVodehouJe, and Sir John Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Road;

Jennings’

Mr. Fitzherbert Vol. 40.

reported from the Committee, to

rii. T45 '

whom the Bill to eliable John Jehnings, Esquire, ffow called John Smith, and his lleirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, purseant to the-Will of Thomas Smithy deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found -the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amepdr inent; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill Ire ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, HighBridgif*; and Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, and of the &c-several Towns or Vills of Yoxai, Mavefbn, Ridvoarft Abbots Bromley, Uttoxeter, Spath,

Ella/ion, and Mat/field, in the County of and of

Ashborn, in the County of Derby; and of several Gentlemen, Clergy', and other Persons residing near to and uling the Road leading from Litchfield over High,

through Mavefon, Ridware, Abbots Bromley,

Spath, Quakemarfk, Rocefier, over Hanging Bridge, to Ashborn; and also the Road leading from Litchfield to Yoxai; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That tire Road leading from Bridges aforesaid, through Abbots Bromley, to Uttoxeter aforesaid; and allb the Road branching from the Turnpike Road bttwixi Uttoxeter and NewcaJ/e, at Spath aforesaid, leading through Crakemarfit, Rocefier, and Ellafion, to Hanging

Bridge aforesaid; and also the Road branching from the Road betwixt Litchfield and Uttoxeter, near Hunch, and leading from thence to Yoxai aforesaid; arc in general deeps narrow, rough, and, 'for want of proper Bridges*, cannot, in Time of Floods, be passed without the rib-irnoft Danger; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and proper Bridges built, by the Laws now in being; and further setting forth, that by an Act passed in tire Year of his late Majesty King George

the Second, the Tolls collfefted at ohe Turnpike Gate, lat the North End of the City of Litchfi’eld, cal fed St* mats Gate, on the Road leading to aforesaid,

-were to be applied in amending and widening so much, of the Road betwixt Litchfield drnd as extended

frodi Litchfield to High Bridget; hhd that the said Road is now fufikiently widened and repaired; and that the Tolls taken at the said Gate are more than sufficient to keep the said Road in Repair, and to pay the interest of the Money borrowed theteon; and that Travellers puffing along the Road betwixt Uttoxeter and Ashborn are obliged to pay Toll at a Turnpike Gate erected 'near Hanging Bridge aforesaid, by virtue of an Act passed hi the 2d Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the

Road betwixt Ashborn and Congleton, although they tra-

vel no further on the said Turnpike Rosld than from Hanging Bridge to Ashborn; and that the Trustees ap- -pointed for putting the said Act in execution, do not repair any part of the Road from Hanging Bridge aforesaid, leading to Uttoxeter; and that the Trustees for the said Road between Ashborn and Congleton have borrowed and laid out upwards of £. 5,000, towards the Repair of the feme, but that the Produce of the Tolls arising the reoin will not keep down the Interest of the Monies borrowed, by reason of the several Exemptions made by the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to present a Bill for the effectually repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roadsy and building Bridges on the feme; and that the Tolls taken at the fittd Turnpike Gate near Utc/field, balled

Timals Gate, in the Road to Uttoxmay be applied

in repairing (b much of the said Road as extendeth from.

Litchfield aforesaid to the Middle of Blyt/rford, and 19 making such Part of the Road and Bridges as may be necessary to that Place; and after the feme shall bb effectually made and repaired, that the said Tolls may be applied in repairing the said Road branching from the Road betwixt Litchfield.and Uttoxeter, and leading towards Yoxai, to Yoxai aforesaid; and that a Turnpike

P p Gate

146 150 Februarii: A. 1765.

'Gate maybe erected on the said Road, near to Uttoxeter-, when the Sum of Three thousand Five hundred and and that the Tolls to be taken at the same may be ap- Fifty Pounds was laid out in the Purchase of the Manor plied in making and repairing so much of the said Road of , and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hefedita-as extendeth from the Middle of Blythfordto Uttoxeter, ments, in the County of , which were conveyed to, and in building proper Bridges thereon; and also that and to the Use of, the said Dr. Eduard Vernon, the the said Road branching from the Turnpike Road be- Rector of the said Parish of St. and

twixt Uttoxeter and Newcastle, at or near Spalh aforesaid, his Successors in the said Church; and that the said Dr, and leading to Ashborn, may be admeasured betwixt the Edward during the Time he continued Rector

said Turnpike at Spath aforesaid, and Hanging Bridge, of the said Parish, which was till, the Month of March and be divided into Two equal Parts; and that a suffi- 1761, kept the said Estate in Kent in his own Hand; dent Part of the Tolls to be taken at the Turnpike but the Petitioner, who was appointed Redtof bn the Gate now erected, or at another to be erected instead Third of May 1761, finding the Inconvenience of so thereof, between Ashborn and the Half-way from Hang- doing, by reason of its Distance from London, was obliged inr Bridge to Spath, may be applied in making and re- to let the same to a Tenant at the Rent of 17o pairing the Half of the said Road next to Hanging Annum, for 21 Years, if he so long continued Rector, Bridge; and that the Trustees for the said Road betwixt subject to Repairs, Tythes, and Land Tax, and also to Ashborn and Congleton shall contribute J. 50, for building a Deduction of Ten Pounds a Year for the First Ten a Bridge over the River Chur, net-, and that a Turnpike Years; and that, the said Estate being contiguous to Gate may be erected on the said Road at Spath afore- the River Thames, and liable to be overflowed thereby, said; and that the Tolls to be taken at the same may be and the Farm House and Out Houses belonging to the applied in making and repairing the other Half thereof, laid Estate being in very bad Repair, the said Charles ana in building Bridges where necessary; and also, that Tarrant hath been at a very considerable Expence in the Exemptions made by the said Act for repairing the making the necessary Repairs to such Farm House, and Road betwixt Ashborn and Congleton may be taken off; the Out Houses thereto belonging, and also in repairing and that the Petitioners think it would be highly benefi- several Breaches made in the Walls and Dams there, by cial to the Country in general, if a Branch should be reason of the Inundations which have lately happened; made out of the said Turnpike Road prayed for, from and such Walls and Dams are now much damaged, and Uttoxeter to Stafford-,but that they have not had Time will require a large Sum of Money immediately to be toeonfult the Gentlemen and Inhabitants of Stafford, and laid out for repairing the fame; so that, by this Means, others residing near the said Road, concerning the same, the same Estate, instead of being a fixed and certain Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Maintenance for the Redlpr of the said Parish, as was Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- intended by Parliament, may eventually become a con-mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall siderable Burthen to such ltedtor; and that it would be appear to them, to the House: highly beneficial to the Petitioner and his Successors,

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Mr. Townjkend, Lord if the said Manor, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-Grey, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles ments, could be fold, and the Price thereof applied to Ktmys Tynte, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. fVebb, Mr. Dowdeswell, the Purchase of other Lands Tenements, and Heredi-- Mr. Bootle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Kynaston, Lord taments, of a more fixed and certain Income: And

Harry Powlett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edmonjione, Lord therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Coleraine, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir George Sa- Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioner may have such vile, Mr. Glover, Mr. Curzon, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall fcetn Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Rajkleigk, Mr. Wauchope, Lord meet.

Warkworth', and all the Members who serve for the Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Counties of Derby, Stafford, Chester, Warwick, and Lei- Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, cester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti--the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. tion, gives His Consent, so far as his Majesty’s Interest

is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall $t. George A Petition of the Reverend Charles Tarrant, Doctor in think fit.

Bloomsbury Divinity, Rector of the Parish of St. George Bloomsbury, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-R*^orial in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, suant to the Prayier of the said Petition: And that Mr.

E"ate- and read; Reciting several Acts for building and endow- Harris of Christ Church, the Lord Howe, Mr. Lane, Mr. ing 50 new Churches in and about London and Wefimtn- Wedderburn, andi Mr. Philip Carteret Webb, do prepare, Jler\ and alleging, that, in pursuance of One of the said and bring in, the lame.

Acts, Three thousand Pounds was directed to be applied

for making Provision for the Rector, for the Time be- An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms of several ing, of the said Church, in or near Bloomsbury Market, Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the which Sum, together with the Sum of One thousand Road from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the IJleofEly Two hundred and Fifty Pounds paid by the Inhabitants from the County of Huntingdon, to s Eau, and

of the Parish of St.Giles in the Fields, towards the better from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town's Maintenance of the Rector of the said Church for the End, in the said County; and for amending and widen-Time being, and his Successors, should be laid out in the ing the Road from Somersham Bridge aforesaid, over purchasing Lands, Tenements, Fee Farm Rents, Ground Somersham Heath, to the South End of the Lane next the Rents, or other Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, to be White Hart, in the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also conveyed to and settled upon and to the Use of the said the lload branching out of the said Road near Stock's Rector of the said Parish Church, for the Time being. Bridge, through , to Earith, in the said

and his Successors in the said Church for ever, for and County; was read the Third Time, towards his and their Maintenance; and in the mean Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Time that the said Two Sums should be placed out on be, An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and seal Security or Securities, or in the Public Funds, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road from the Interest and Produce thereof should be received by Chatteris Ferry, to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge; the Rector of the said Church for the Time being; and and for amending and widening the Road from that the said Two Sums were inverted in South Sea An- sham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also auities, and the Dividends thereof, from time to time, the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock's paid to Dr. Edward Vernon, the First Rector of the said Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the County Parish, till on orahout the 3d Day of November 1733, of Huntingdon.

21

Chatteris

Ferry

to

Earith

Road.

Hempd*# (ind others) Nat.

T>ne

River.

UlrOme

Inclosure.

Account of Wool.

Discovery of the ^ongitude.

Geo. IIL it? Februarii. 147

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Montagu do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Glynne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, and Christopher John Schultz: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Richard Liddell was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That jtlie Petitioner observes by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented, representing that the Harbour of Shields is in Danger of being entirely blocked up by the present Method of discharging Ballast from Ships; and alleging, that the Petitioner apprehends the most effectual Method of preventing the Danger complained of in the said Petition, will be, by making use of the Machines invented by the Petitioner, for the Removal of the Earth, Ballast, Sand, or any other kind of Matter from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlet; and that the Petitioner formerly applied to the House for a Bill, to enlarge the Term granted to him by His Majesty’s Letters Patent, for the sole Use and Exercise of the said Invention; and that since the Petitioner’s Application to the House, an Act passed, which enforces the Use of the Petitioner’s Machines in the Harbour of Whitehaven; and that, since the passing of the said Act, the said Machines have been constantly used in carrying out Ballast from the said- Harbour of Whitehaven, and have been found of the greatest

Utility *' And therefore praying. That in case the said Machines should be thought most proper for conveying Ballast from the Ships, and cleaning the said Harbour, that in Consideration of his great Expence, and his not being able to make use of his Machines during the existing Term of his Patent, the House will take his same into Consideration, and grant him such Encouragement as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Township of Ulrome, otherwise Owram, in , in the County of

York r* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

pofals made for discovering the Longitude, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commhtee of the whole House;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wiy; refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa with such coarse printed Calicos and other Goods, being the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Bounty allowed by Law, to be paid on the Exportation of Com, Grain,

Malt, Meal, and Flour, from this Kingdom, to the IJli of Man.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And there being a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And a Motion being made, and the Questiotl being put, That Mr. Paterson do take the Chair of the said Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morfow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, uport Monday booming n^xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, im{>orted from Ireland into Scotland, within the last 14 Years; distinguishing each Year; and also the Ports from which the same were exported arid imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Pro-Vot. 30;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply Bill; Second Reading of the Bill for granting certain Stamp American Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Swn,p Plantations in America, and for applying the same towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing such Colonies and Plantations;

A Petition of several Persons trading to, and intetefted in the Island of Jamaica, relating to the said Bill, was offered to be presented to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Questlon being proposed. That the said Petition be brought up;

The Journal of the House of the 8th Day of March 173a, relating to the Petition of Rickard Partridge, Agenjf

American Stamp Duties.

BittO.

BittO.

Ditto.

Siik

Maiu.radurc.

15° — i Feb

A, 17 65;

for the Colony of Rhode Ifand and Providence Plantations, in America., against a Bill, then depending, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of the Sugar Colonies in America, was read.

Then the said Motion was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of Edward Mon, Agent for the Province of Virginia, praying the House to take their unhappy Circumstances into Confutation; and that their House of Burgesses may be continued in the Possession of the Rights and Privileges they havd so long and uninterruptedly enjoyed; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against any Bill that may be intended to charge Stamp or any other Duties on the Colony of Virginia; was offered to be prefen ted to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It piaffed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the F-Aglish Colony of Connecticut, in New England, in North America, praying, That the Petitioners may be indulged in the Exercise of the Power of laying all internal Taxes on the said Colony; and that the Resolution of this House, in the last Session of Parliament, may not be carried into execution, by a Bill for impoling Stamp Duties on the Colonies; was offered to be presented to the House.

K And a Motion heing made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of, William Middleton, Esquire, Daniel Huger, Esquire, JoJ'eph Nutt, Esquire, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants and Owners of Property in His Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in America, praying, That the House will not approve of any Bill, that may be offered, charging Stamp Duties in tire Province ai Soutk Carolina, was offered to be presented to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It padfed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkim, from the CommissioneTSttf the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hcrnfe, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silks imported into England, from 1763 to

C/irijlmas 1764; distinguishing from what Countries, with the Amount of the Duty: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk exported from England, from Christmas. 1763 to Chrijhnas 1764; d'tftinguifhtng to what Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read-. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Maftufaflurers of Great Britain, is referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other r ' Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

SaUbati, 16° die;

Anno 5" Georgii ill* Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the several. Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, and of aforerflid,

and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; SettingT forth. That the Roads from M Corner (adjoining to the Turnpike Road there leading to the City of Utth-/e/^ aforelakl) over Ogley Hey, or Litchfield Heath, to and through Rushall, and from thence to IValfall afore- laid; and from thence along the New Mills , to and through Wednesbury, to the Turnpike Road leading front Billion, to Great Bridge, from the End of a Lane at a Place called Vole End, in the Parish of Tipton (communicating with the Turnpike Road last mentioned) through, the same Lane, to the other End thereof, at Horsey and entering the Turnpike Road there leading from Birmingham to Dudley; and from Port Way, upon or adjoining to the said Turnpike Road, so leading from Bilfion, to Great Bridge, to and through Darlafsv.; end

from thence to James Bridge, to and through the Plrck Lane, to the Turnpike RoaJ leading from afore>

laid, to Woolverhamfon; ard from the Turnpike Ru$ (leading from the City of Chefer, to the City of at Church Bridge, through Great Wirley and Great Blbx-with, to the Brook or Witter Course at Walsall aforesaid, and running to New Mills aforesaid; are become very ruinous and dangerous for Travellers, and in marry Parts narrow; and that some of the Brooks thereon are totally impassable at some Time in the Winter Sea Ion: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bjll for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads before mentioned, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thfe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Grey, Mr. Bagct, Me. He%cett, Mr. Upon, Mr. Nugent, General Bofcawen, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Shiffuer,

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. Gore, Sir George Warren, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Eonftone, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Drax, M.r. ' Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir George Yonge,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Worcester, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Towvfend, Wife of James Townsend, Esquire, was presented to the House,

and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according so the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett, Sir Thomas Cave, and Colonel Bant, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Pocklington, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Carlton-upon-Trent, in the County of Notting-

ham, and of several Persons interested in a certain Common, called Carlton Common, and in the Open Arable

Fields

Muckley

Corner,

Head.

To\i'nfeml’>

Nau

Carlton^ upo* TrJd Inclosure.

High

Bridge*,

See,

Road,

Seaming

inclosure.

5 Geo. III. 16* Febrmrit. 140

Fields and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton upon

Trent, in the said County, was presented to the House,

' and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others. Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Tenements in the said Parish of Carlton upon enjoy a Right

of Common upon the said Common; and that the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated; and alleging, that if the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed it would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett and Mr. Upton do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is sent up to be presented to the House, for a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, and other

Roads in the said Petition mentioned: and that the Road from Stafford, by Chartley, to Uttoxeter aforesaid, is in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition; and alleging, that the Laws in being are not sufficient for amending and widening the fame: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for the more effectual repairing, amending, widening, altering, turning, and keeping in Repair, the said Road leading from the said Town of Stafford, through Chartley, to the said Town of Uttoxeter, and for erecting and building One or more Bridge or Bridges, with such Powers and Authorities, under such Regulations and Restrictions, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition, of the Gentlemen, Cletgy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, and of the several Towns or Vills of Yoxal, Mavefon, Ridw Abbotts Bromley, Ut-

toxeter, Spath, Crakemarfii, Rocefier, Ellafion, and Math-, field, in the County of Stafford, and of , in the County of Derby, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons residing near to and using the Road leading from Litchfield, over High Bridges, through Mavefon, Ridware, Abbotts Bromley, , Spath,

marsh, Rocefierxover Hanging Bridge, to; and

also the Road leading from Litchfield to; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, having a Right of Common in and upon certain Commonable Places, called Pound Green, Seaming Common, Pope's Green, and Belt's Green, in the several Manors of Seaming Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern Hall, Seaming Parva, Gunton's and Rougholme, on the Part of Hoe, or some or one of them, and in the Parish

of Seaming, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Greens and Common, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit to the Petitioners and others interested therein; and that the same are capable of Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Greens and Common, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Vol. 30.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BJft, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. De

and Sir Charles Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, And Freeholders in the Counties of Cumberland and was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Salmon, Cod, Trout, and other FUheries, carried on in the said Counties, have beenr very considerable; but the same are at present very much decayed, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the Fishermen and others taking great. Numbers of fulhbellied Salmon, or Breeding Salmon Fish, Gille, and Salmon Trout, and Trout going up the Rivers to spawn, and likewise Floats, or Salmon that have lately spawned, and taking of Cod and other Fish at Unfeasonable Times of the Year; which Practices, so manifestly destructive to the Fisheries, the Laws in being have been found insufficient to prevent; and that several Engines and Devices are made use of within the said Counties, tending to destroy the Salmon, Salmon Fry, Cod, Trout, and other Fish; and the Nets arc of so final! a Meih as to be very destrudive to the Breed of Fish: And therefore ‘ praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Preservation of the Salmon, Gilfe, Cod, Trout, and other Fish, and the Spawn thereof, in the said Counties, by limiting the Seasons for taking, uling, and having the same in Possession, and prohibiting the Use of fixch destructive Engines and Devices, and restraining the Use of improper Nets.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Upton, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir James Lowther, and Sir John Pennington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Prisoners confined in His Majesty’s Gaol at Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Southampton, at Winchester,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second. Time*

Refp/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Upton, Sir Jarrif Smith, Mr. Milles, Lord Frederick Mr. T

Jhend, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Hewett, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Penton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Dr ax. Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burton, General Howard, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lord John

Cavendish, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Wynne, Lord Grey, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Fitzherbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, , and York:

And they. are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Gosfield, Weatherfield, and in the County of Effect, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes of the House, that there is a Bill now depending, for continuing Two Acts for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the Coun-

Q q ties

Salmon

Fisheries*

Distrciled

Debtor*.

Denford

inclosure.

Shenfiel$]#

kc.

Rood.

I JO 16° Februarii. A. 1765.

tiesiof Essex and Suffoik, and for repairing fcvrral other

Roads.; and that the Rood leading from the Village of Gosffeld, to Haljtcud, in the said County of Effect, is very ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Rill, for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Nugent, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Kynajim, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. Harbord, Sir John Cotton, Lord Burgherfk,

Mr. Nugent, Sir Armine Mr. Hew/tt, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir Walter Mr.’ Stephens, Mr. Drax, Mr. Upton, Mr. Paterfvtt, General Honeywotd, Mr. Sir Roger -

digate, Mr. Lutttell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Aufrere, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Grey, Sir Jarrit,

Mr. Lowndes, Lord Ca, Mr. Buller, Mr. Laf-ceHes, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, , and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Carron A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Trustees Navigation, of the Turnpike Roads, Justices of the Peace, Traders* and others, of the County of Stirling, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are much interested in the Improvement of the River Carron-, and that a cheap and easy< Communication between the East and West Seas of this Kingdom, between the Rivers Forth and Clyd, should be effectuated, and that the said Communication is capable of great Improvement: And therefore praying the House to take the same into their Consideration, and grant such Means of completing the fame, in such way as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine tire Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

Elliot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr.

Jackson, Mi\ Drax, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Burton, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir George Yonge, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Edmund Nugent, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Paterson, Sir Laurence Dmdas, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Dyson, Sir James Campbell, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,x and Records.

Poole, Mr. Drax presented to the House, according to Or-&c. der, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads

Roa<i* leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town and County of Poole, to Winborn Min in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pancru A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to

Road. put in execution the several Acts, made in the Third and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Seventh, Eighth, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways, from the several Places therein mentioned, lead-

ing to Highgate Gafehouse, and and othec

Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the present Road called leading from the Brill, near Battle Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Patter as, to PantrasWells, and from thence to the East End of Fig Lane, and to the South End of the Road leading to Keueffh Town, and ffighgotel is very in-

commodious and dangerous, and fonietimes impalpable; and thatj; if the said Trustees were impowered to carry the Road in- a diieCi Line from the Brill aforesaid, on high Ground, ever certain Fields and Grounds on the Western Side of the present Road, to the East End of Fig Lane, it would greatly contribute to the Safety -of all Persons travelling the said Read, and be of considerable Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the said Road from the said Place calkd the Brill, on high Ground, over the said Fields and Grounds, to the Eatl End of Fig Lane aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sherlock Willis, Clerk, Rector of the Bank of Parish Church of Saint Christopher's, London, was pre- England, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 1'hat the Glebe belonging to the aforesaid Rectory consists of certain Sheds, let to Tenants at Will at 10 icu a Year, and of Four Houses, let upon a ^40 Years Lease, at £.*4. a Year, which has been ul'ually renewed every 14 Years, upon Payment of £. 60. Fine, which Rents ami Fine, together with the Tithes, are computed.

Upon an Average, to amount to 141. a Year;

and that the Parsonage H°use, Garden, and Yard, belonging to the said. ReClory, together with (mail Acknowledgments paid by the Owners or Occupiers of adjacent Houses for Permillion of certain lights looking, into the said Garden and Yard, is estimated at the Yearly Sum of £.40.; that the aforesaid Premises are contiguous to the Bank Edifice; and the Petitioner apprehends the vesting the same in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, would be of public Utility, as it might enable the said Governor and Company to enlarge their Edifice, and more effectually pre serve the feme from any Accident by Fire; that the said Governor and Company have proposed to pay unto the Petitioner, and his Succdiors, the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, the Yearly Sum of £. 40 14 for ever, in lieu of the said Glebe, and the further yearly Sum of £. 7. for ever, in lieu of Surplice Fees, and also the further Yearly Sum of £. 40. until they thall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, provide a proper and suitable Parsonage House, to the Satisfaction of the Ordinary and Rector for the Time being, and settle and convey the same for that Purpose, according to duo Course of Law; such Payments to commence from the Time of vesting the Premises in the said Governor and Company, and to be paid by Quarterly Payments, clear of all Deductions; and that the said Governor and Company have also proposed to pay unto the Lecturer of the said Parish, for the Time being, the Yearly Sum of£.3 3*. for ever, in lieu of any Lol's such Lecturer may i'uftain by reducing the Number of Houses in the said Parish; and that the Petitioner conceives such Proposal is for the Benefit uid Advantage of the said Rest<ry, and hath communicated the feme to the Lord tiilhop of London, who is both Patron of the Living and Ordinary of the Diocese; and his Lordship is willing to give his Consent thereto: Therefore praying, That the aforesaid Premises, belonging to the said Rectory, may be vested in the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever; and that the aforesaid Annuities or Yearly Sums, in lieu thereof, may be secured, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

5 Geo. III. 16° Februarii.

'5*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur'-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Burton, and Sir Samuel do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

MaJWough A Petition of George Lord as

luclosure. Guardian of Thomas Earl of Effingham, Lord of the Manor of Kimberworth, in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York, William Earl of Bejborough, of the Kingdom of Ireland, John Hay, Esquire, for themselves, and in the Behalf of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of, and entitled to, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Right of Common, within the Village or Hamlet of within the Manor of Kimberworth aforesaid, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Arable Lands and Grounds, Michaelmas Lands, and

Common Meadows, within the Common Fields, ard Common Grounds in Majborough aforesaid, called Heanly Field, Upper and Lower Majborough Field, and Majborough Meadow, containing about 30 Acres, and also several Pieces of Open Common Ground, called Majborough Common, and Majborough Clough, otherwise Majborough Clujt, Walk Mile Moor, Majborough Green, and Pool Green, containing together about 40 Acres, and also divers Mesne old Inclosures; and that the Lands and Grounds of the several Freeholders and Proprietors, in the said Fields, Grounds, Meadows, and Inclosures, lie intermixed and dispersed in fraall Parcels, and inconvenient for the respective Owners thereof, and cannot be properly cultivated and occupied; and that the Petitioners are therefore willing and desirous that the same may be inclosed and divided, and the Melhe old Inclosures exchanged for other Lands and Grounds of equal Value, reserving to the said Earl of Effingham, the Lord of the said Manor of Kimberworth, all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and other Manorial Rights: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ott/<Tcv/, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that General Howard, Sir George , and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lamfey A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put to . in execution an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign SRo*d"'^ k‘s late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 1 widening the Roads from Gate, in Popham Lane,

to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hurjley to Chandler’s Ford, and from HurJJey aforesaid, to the Turnpike lioad at Romjey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge, and Winborn in the County of Dorset; and of several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, whole Names are thereunto lub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, the said Trustees, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Road therein called the Second Division, leading from the West Gate of the said City of Winchester, through Pit, and Hurjley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid, through infield, by Pond, to the Turnpike at Romjey aforesaid, and have repaired and widened the said Road, for the expediting whereof they were obliged to borrow the Sum of £.2,800; and that the Tolls collected at the Gates hitherto erected on the said Road, are a scanty and inadequate Security for the Money borrowed thereon; and that it will be expedient to crest a Gate, with aToll-House to the lame, in a Street called The Hundred, Part of the said Road, leading into Romjey aforesaid; that the Tells to be collected at such Gate will be much more than equal to the present Deficiency in the said Second Division, and will afford a Surplus sufficient to amend, repair, and widen, the Road leading from the said Street, called The Hundred, through Chil-Vov. 30.

worth, to the River at Swathling; and that the said Road to the River at Swathling aforesaid, and also the Road leading from the said River, through West End, Botley, Curdridge Common, and Shidfield, to the Turnpike Roads at Sherrill Heath, leading to Waltham, and

Droxjord, in the said County of Southampton, are, in many Places; very narrow and incommodious, and cannot, by the ordinary Methods appointed by Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therelore prayir.g. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for conncfting and uniting the said Road from The Hundred aforesaid, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling aforesaid, with the said Road called the Second Division, to the End that such rfwo Roads may be consolidated, under the Name and Appellation of The Second Division, and may thenceforth be repaired, widen-

ed, and kept in Repair, together, in such Manner as to the House shall feetn meet; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said other Road, leading from the said River, through the several Places aforesaid, to the Turnpike Roads at Sherrill Heath, leading to Wickham, Waltham, and Droxjord aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House £ha!l lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Walter Bagot,

Mr. Tudway, Mr. Elliot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandys, Lord Gatysjort, Mr. Paterjon, Mr.

bert, General Howard, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Upton, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Burton, Mr. Abercrombie, 'Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Ed-

monjione, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Jackson, Sir George Tonge -, and all the Member? who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Wilts, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five 01 the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power ,to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Thompson, praying the House to recommend his same to His Majesty, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative, Nemtne Contradicente.

A Petition of Charles Schaw, Lord Cat heart, Proprietor of the Estate and Coal Mines of Sauchie, adjoining to the River Devon, in the County of Clackmannan, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said River has, from Vicarjbridge to the Mouth or Entry of the said River into the River Forth, at all Sca-fons of the Year, a constant Run of Water, sufficient for the Purposes of an Inland Navigation; but, the Course of the said River being through a flat, level, and, in some Places, marlhy Country, is, in the present State of the River, extremely winding, and interrupted by Shallows, so as to make any Navigation impracticable; and that the Navigation of the Forth, betwixt Devon and Alloa, is liable to several Inconveniences of a similar Nature; and that rendering the Devon navigable, from Vicarjbridge, to its Entry into the Forth, and improving the Navigation of the last mentioned River, will be Works of great public as well as private Utility; and, from the Plenty of Water, and the Nature of the Ground through which these Rivers run, can be accotnplished at a moderate Expence, as well as with a Certainty of effectually answering the intended Purposes: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for rendering the River Devon navigable, from Vicarjbridge, to its Mouth or Entry into the Forth, and for improving the Navigation of the Forth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine

A Petition offered and rejected.

Devon

River

Navigation.

r

152 1 6" Februarii 1765.

Shepton

Mallett

Roads.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elliot, Mr. Montagu, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. LaJ'cellesMr. Abercrombie, Lord

Burgherjh, Sir George Saville, Mr. Jackson, Mf. Bat erf on, Mr. Ffyfon, Mr. Upton, Mr. Burton, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Tudway, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Mf. Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Armine house, Mr. Dowdt[well, Mr. Brand, Sir William Codring-

ton, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Champion, Mr. Beauclerk, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Robinson. Mr. Wit-braham, Mr. Torke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Jen-kinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Yonge; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, redding in and near the City of and Town of tonbury, in the County of Som was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Piper’s Inn, in the Panlh of Ashcott, to and through and

Wells, to the Direction Post in the great Western Road to the City of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol-, the Trustees therein appointed, in order to make and repair the said Roads, borrowed, from time to time, the Sum of £.3,500, or thereabouts, which said Sum now remains due, the said Roads having been, for several Years past, well and effectually made and repaired; and that, in the 4th Year of His present Majesty, a Renewal of the said Act was obtained, with Power to extend the Road from to Shepton Mallett, Camtards Grave, and Stean Bow Bridge, in the Parish of Pilton; and also from to join the

Turnpike Road leading to Froome, where the Froome Turnpike Road ends; and for the Purpose of making and repairing thereof, the further Sum of £. 1,200 is already taken up at Interest, and to complete the same, the further Sum of £. 1,300 at least will be necessary; and that the Petitioners have observed, in the Votes of the House, that, in a Bill now depending, for renewing the Shepton Mallett Turnpike Act, an Application is made for extending the Road from the End of their present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Pilton, to Glastonbury, and also the Road from, to, and through Shepton Mallett aforesaid, to the Parish of Leighton, leading towards Froome; and also the Road from Shepton Mallett aforesaid, to Long Cross Bottom, which joins the Froome Turnpike Road; which, if the same should pass into a Law, particularly from Pilton, near to the said Town of Glastonbury, the Course of travelling the great and ancient Roads, from the Westetn Parts of England, to the Northern, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, and from Bath to London, will be much lessened; and the Petitioners have the greatest reason to apprehend, that the Tolls, in consequence thereof, will be so much diminished, as to render it impossible to pay the Debt already due, or to complete and finish the aforesaid new Roads, and to keep in good Repair the Roads already made; and that, by means thereof, the Course of Travelling will be so much divided, that the Tolls will be insufficient to keep either of the said Roads in due and proper Repair; and that the Road leading from Pilton to the further End of Glastonbury, where the new Shepton Road is intended to be made, is a private Road, unknown to Travellers, and of no general Benefit, and will be a great Injury to the said ancient public Roads, and to the City of Wells and Town of Glastonbury aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the Extension of the said Road, particularly from Pilton to Glastonbury, may not pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be

heard, by their Counsel, or be relieved in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act of the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and through the Towns of Shepton Mallett and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, living in and near the said Town of Shepton Mallett, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Towns of Northampton and Daventry, in the County of Northampton, and the Town of Southam, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto i'ublcribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is intended to be made to the House, for a Bill to repair the Road from Warwick to Northampton-, and representing to the House, that the present ruinous Condition of the said Road is incommodious to Travellers, and very detrimental to the Country: And therefore praying, in case such Bill shall be brought into the House, the same may pass into a Law, and may be carried to and through the Towns of Southam and Davtntry aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom thp Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, and of the several Gentlemen and others residing near the said Borough of Warwick, usually travelling the Road thereinafter mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Road from the Pinfold. in Ba/by, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Supply of the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse Printed Calicoes, and other Goods, being the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or of other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to £e worn and used in Great Britain, the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies be permitted to import the same from any Part of Europe not within His Majesty’s Dominions, under proper Limitations and R'strictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon Failure of the said Company’s keeping the said Export Trade supplied with a sufficient Quantity of such Calicoes, and other Goods, other Persons be permitted to import the same into this Kingdom, from any such Part of Europe, under proper Limitations and Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Callicoes, and other Goods, which shall be so imported, be liable to pay the same Duties, as if the

tame

Warwick

to

Northampton

Road.

Balby

Pinfold*

Ire.

Road.

Ways and Means*

5 Geo. III. 16° — i8° 153

fame were imported by the said Company from the Indies, or any other Place beyond the Cape of Good and no other.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty, allowed by Law, to be paid on the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from Great Britain, to the Isle of Man, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which every Licence for making and felling Measures of Capacity, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That a Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet, or Piece of Paper, on which every Licence for making and felling of Weights, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Four first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Chancellor cf tre Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harris of Christ Church, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Whateley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make rrovision therein, for discontinuing the Payment of all Allowances and Bounties, on the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from Ireland to the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof.

Weights The House Was moved, that the Resolutions of the House, of the 2d Day of June 1758, relating to Weights *ur<s" a<td Measures, and which, upon the 8th Day of this Instant February, were read, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moYed, that the Resolutions of the House of the 12th Day of April 1759, relating to Weights and Measures, and which, upon the Bth Day of this Instant February were read, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Resolutions of the House of Thursday last, relating to Weights and Wleafures, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions of the 2d Day of 1758, the 12th Day of April 17 59, and of Thursd last; and also upon

the Two last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which were agreed to by the House: And that the Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hewett, Mr. , Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ridley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. , the Lord

North, Mr. Harris of Christ Church, Mr. Hunter, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Thomas Sir Walter IVagstaffe

Bagot, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Elliot, Dr. Hay, Mr. Stephens, and Sir Edward Bayntun, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Discovery The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of the" whole House, upon the Bill for rendering more effectual

Longitude. an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall dif-

Vol. 30.

cover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propofols made for discovering the Longitude.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are RibKird thereunto subscribed, Makers and Manufacturers of Manufactory, Ribbands, in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Law lately obtained for preventing the clandestine Importation of Ribbands into this Kingdom is {till ineffectual, arising, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, partly from the Smallness of the Penalties, by the Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inflicted on the Importers of foreign wrought Ribbands into this Kingdom, their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, and upon the Venders and Retailers of the fame; and partly from the Clause in the said Act, directing and requiring such Ribbands, when seized and condemned, to be publicly burnt; whereby the inferior Officers employed in His Majesty’s Customs, for want of due Encouragement to seize such prohibited Goods, are become remiss in their Duty:'

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to' bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III,ii Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable John Jennings, Esquire, Jennings' now called John Smith, and his Heirs, to take and Name., use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Smith, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Jennings, Esquire, now called John Smith, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Smith, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, and Tribe’* his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Poole, pur- Name, suant to the Will of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bejl,

Mr. Milles, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas

Hales, Lord George Sac Mile, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Plumpere,

Mr. Drake, Sir 'Jarrit Smith, Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Charles Mordavnt, Sit John Glynue, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Gore, Mr Sit Edmund Isham, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sit

2 al, Mr. Foley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Burrard,

Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Bentinck, Mr. Lawrence> Mr. Ward, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Paterson, Sir George Savile, Lord Cather-

lough> Mr. Stephens, Sir Robert flurdett, Mr.

ft r Mr.

North

Kilworth

luclosure.

Ndwcaftl© under Lyne Road.

ftothwell

Jndofore.

Barton

Waterside

House,

&c.

Road.

154

18* Februarii.

A. 1755.

Mr. Totvn/hend, Mr. Kynajiou, Mr. Black ft one, Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Forrester, Mr. fVhMr. Lane, Sir Robert Ladbrooke: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir fhomas Cave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commost Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Kilworth, in the County of And

the same Was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, and Inhabitants in the Counties of Stafford&ndDerby, whose Names are thereunto subscrib-

ed, residing near and ufoaliy travelling the Roads therein after mentioned, was referred 9 That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Davenport being examined, laid, That the Road Ifeading from Newcastle under , in the County of

Stafford, through Leek and Monyash, in the County of Derby, to Hajffop; and also the Road from a Place called Middle Hills, tt> the Turnpike Road near Buxton, and the iftoad in that Part of the Vill of Cobridge, that lies in the Parish of Burslem, to the House of IJ'aac Cartlitch, in Burslem; and the Road in that Part of the said Vill of Cobridge that lies in the Parish of Stoke upon to the

Turnpike Road in the Vill of Shelton-, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Method pYescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne, to Hajfop; and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge, to Burslem; and to the Utloxeter Turnpike at Shelton, in the County of Stafford: And that the Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, and Sir Henry Harpur, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. fVhichcot presented to the House, according, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Rothwell, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing,!)/;^ of the City of London,

Merchant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. fVhichcot reported From the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Com-. oiittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and t}ad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read she 'Repost in 21

his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 9

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Turner, being examined, laid. That the Road leading from Barton WaterfnieHouse, to the Turnpike Road at 1\ifeham Bridge, and the several other Road:, described: in the Petition, in the said County of Lincoln, arc in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Barton -Jide House to RujholmHedge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned; And that Mr. fVhichcot, Mr. Hewett, Nit.Willoughby, and Lord'

Brownlozv Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge Wallimford the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year and* of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from ^Jrril'-^0B

lingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from K,oa r thence to Farringdon; and also from Wantage to Idson}

in the said County; so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thenca to Farringdon-, and for discontinuing the said 'Perm and Powers, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idson; and for repairing the Road leading from the North-East Corner of Nuffield-Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tiff eld, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road, leading ;rom Wallingford tp was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackstone, Mr Bagot, Mr. Methuen, Sir Mr!

Bttrrard, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Rabat Lad broke, Mr,

Lane, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Six John Mr. Kyn/ff-

ton, Mr. Shijffner, Mr. Holt}Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Walcot, Mr. Ward, Mr. Waller, Colonel Mr. Edmonfione, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Thomas Gave, Mr.

Abercrombie, Mr. Milles, Lord Catherloug\, Sir Francis Delaval, Mr. Dsmpfier, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Gascoyne, Sir Robert Burdctt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Howard, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Eames,

Mr. Webb, Mr, Gray, Mr. Rafhleig, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, M r.Harvey, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members wlxj serve for the Counties ofBerks, Oxford, Wilts, Bucks, Gloucester, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr, Lane presented to the House, according to Order, yor

a Bill for amending and widening the Road from till Road.

City of York, by Grimston Smithy, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Kexby Bridge, in the same Riding;

.and also from Grimston Smithy aforesaid, in Two Branches, the One tp a certain Gate in the Road between Kirby Underdale, and Pocktington, at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the said Riding, and the other to and through

Elvington to Elvington Bridge, in the said Riding: Ao4

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads from Lymingto* the Quay at Lymiiigton, in the County of Southampton, to was read a Second Time. itoad1*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrard,

Mr. Lane, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Bagot,

Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Robert,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cholmley. Mr. Parker, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Milles, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Garth, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Methuen, Sir William Beauchamp ProSlcr,

Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gray, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Scott, Sir Anthony Abdy,

Mr. Barre, Mr. Jaekfbn, Sir Bennett Garrard, Mr.

'Hewetf, Mr. Fotmerentt, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Abercrombie,

4

Woollen

C!o;h

Maaufadure.

Milford,

See.

Discovery of the Longitude.

5 Geo. III. i8° Februarii. j 55

frombii, Mr. 7 'cwushend, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts,

Dorset, and Devon: And they are to meet this After, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Makers and Manufacturers of mixt Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Laws in being for the Regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the said West Riding, have been, by Experience, found not only to be ineffectual for the preventing Frauds and Abuses in making of Woollen Cloths, and the undue and unreasonable Stretching and Straining thereof, but have actually produced the contrary Effect; so that the Frauds in making, and the Abuses in ft.etching of Cloth, never were greater than at present; whereby the fair Trader is injured, and the Manufactory at Home and Abroad is discredited; and representing many Hardships, which, the Petitioners allege, they labour under, by the Laws in being, with re Ip eft to th.e breadths which they are obliged to make their Cloths: And therefore praying the Hpufe to take the Premises into Coiitideration, and, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet, relieve the Petitioners from the Hardships they now lie under, and, by effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses above mentioned, restore the Manufacture of mixt Woollen Cloth, within -the West Hiding of the County of York, to its ancient Reputation and Credit, bpth at How and Abroad.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter SefEons of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Grand Jury at the same Sessions, the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and other Manu&ftwers in the same Riding, is referred,

Mr. Butler 'presented to the Heuse, according to Order, a Rill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, puffed io the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Pet worth, to the Top of Dunckfon Hill; and from Petwor/h to Stopham Bri, in -the County of Suf-

fix: And foe same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolvef, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

Mr. (Stephens, fro® the Commissioners for the Disco-

ycry of the Longitude at Sea, presentyd to the House, purfoant to their Orders,

Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, &V. at *'Meeting at the Admiralty > on the 1.9th Day of January 1765: And also.

Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Distovering of foe Longitude at Sea, (Ac. at a Meeting at the Admiralty, on the 9th Day of February 176$'- And also,'

Copy of a Let ter from die Commissioners for the Dif-coyery of the Longitude at Sea, to Mr. John Har~ rifon, containing Instructions for his Son’s proceeding to Bar badass, to make a Second f'rjal of Ids Time-keeper: And also.

Copy of -a Letter -from the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, to t,he Rever rend Mr. Hevtl Majhelyne and Mr. Charles Green, conr taining Instructions for their proceeding to Barbadoes, to make Observations for the Second Tdail of Mr. Harrif fin's Time-keeper: And'also,

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for the Discovery. of the Longitude at Sea, xsfr. tp Mr. John

Bradley, containing Instructions for nuking Observations at Pertfmoutf, for the Second Trial of Mr.

fin's Time-keeper.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies dq lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w!wm the Bill for rendering more eflfeftunl an Act, made in the j 2th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen ijitjtuJed, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, was committed; the Amendments which tl,e Committee had made to the Rill, and whiph they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterT wards delivered the Bill, wtth the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where tire Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Rift, with the Amendments, bp ingrafted,

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Cross, in the Parish

of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horfiniqnden, and , by the

Left hand Side of IdeaGreen, to the Turnpike Road on Wilfley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrcoke; and from a Place ne, ar GoudJiurfi Gore, through the Parish of Mar-

den, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, so JVarfkutts Greens in

foe County of ffent; was read a Second Time.

fiefolved, That the Bill be commuted io Mr. Fuller, Mr- fianow, Mr Lowndes,. Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordant, Sir Jflrrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Sir Robert Lafi-> broke, Mr- Delaval, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. pen-

nant, Mr. Jackfia, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Howe, Mr. Milles, Sir Delaval,

Mr. Sandys, Lord falm Cavendif, Sir John Mr,

Pratt, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr, f Mr. Gray, Mr, Boulton, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Hewetf, Mr. West} Mr. Sulivan, Sir Edward Bayutun, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Befi, Mr.

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Methuen, Lord CJiarles Montagu, Mr. Legh; and all the Members who serve (of the Counties of KentSrnrey, and South-

ampton: and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, if Five of the Clock, in thf Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Observations for determining the Difference of Time, and Rate of going, of Mr. John Harr if on's Time-keeper, taken at Portsmouth and Barbadoes, on the Second Trial, together with the Results of th.ofe Observations, compared with the Times shewn by foe laid Time-keeper.

Mr. Holt pcefented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Popr in the Hundreds of Does and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read foe First Time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House being informed that Mr. Hultm, front foe Gommifliporers of the Customs, attended at the poor; he was called in; and, at foe Bar, pnefeqfod so fop House, pyrfuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Mempfoft fiocn the ComnfoEoners of the

" Puftpms,

Discovery . of the LooguuSe.

Kippings

Cross

Roads,

Discovery of the Longitud*.

Lodi

and

Wilford

Poor-

Doti^t at the Gren^dc

&c.(

156 18 0 Februarii.A. 1765.

> Customs, to the Right honourable the Lords of the , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Treasury, relative to the Duties to be collected at the be, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle Grenades, St. Vincents, Dominica, and Tobago. from Ireland.

And then he withdrew. Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the

And the Title of the said Copy was read. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, tb be perused by the Members of the House. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

The laid Copy is prcl'erved amongst the other Papers P:

of this Session. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WadhurS, Clandestine Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Marriages. Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Town of , in the County of SvJJ'ex, to the 04

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Turnpike Road at Pound, and Hill,

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the bet- in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's ter preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encou- through the Parishes of Horsemonden, Mar den, Yal-

rage and facilitate Marriages, to be solemnized in den, and West Farley, to Far Ay Street, in the said

Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of County of Kent, without any Amendment: And Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts also.

which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Metcalf^ of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the enable William Marwood, Esquire, lately called William Name, said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Sur-preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees; be now read. name and Arms of pursuant to the Will of

And the said Order being read accordingly; Jane Turner, Widow, deceased; to which the Lords de-

The said Bill was read a Second Time. fire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Cl erg}', and Freehold- Westminster

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- ers of the County of Surrey, assembled in General Quar-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ter Session of the Peace holden in and for the said tree

House, upon the said Bill. County, by Adjournment, on Thursday the 14th Day of

February 1765, was presented to the House, and read;

Foundling Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Taking Notice of the Bill for the better enabling the

Hhospital count of all Monies received and paid by the Governors Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts

and Guardians of the Hospital, for the Maintenance and passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares,

Education of exposed and deserted young Children, be- Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of tween the 31st Day of December 1763, exclusive, and the minster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint

31st Day of December 1764, inclusive, with the Balance George the Martyr, Saint George, that Part of

then remaining; and also, an Account of the Number the Parish of Saint Andrew's, which lies in the

of Children received into the said Hospital on or before County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster out Apprentices, between the said 31st Day of Decern- which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for prevent-ber 1763, exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December ing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes therein 1764, inclusive; and also, an Account of the Number mentioned, to execute the Trails vested in them by the of the said Children who have been returned to their said Acts; and alleging, that should the said Bill pals Parents, between the said 31st Day of December 1763, into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will greatly tend exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1764, in- to the Detriment and Prejudice of that County in gene-elusive; and also, an Account of the Number of the ral, and in particular the Parishes near adjoining to the said Children, who have died between the said 31st Day Turnpike, where, the additional Toll therein proposed o {December 1763, exclusive, and the said 31st Day of is to be collected; and that many and great Inconve-

jDecember 1764, inclusive; and also, an Account of the niences will arile by the collecting the said additional Number of the said Children who were living, under the Toll: And therefore praying, That the same may not Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such 31 ft Day of December 1764. other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed until the said Bill be read a Second Time, and deserted yo«ng Children, do prepare, and lay before

this House, an Estimate of the Expence of maintaining Ordered, That the Order t>f the Day, for the House Fish and the Children, received into the said Hospital on or before to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the n^*

December 1764, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, be now read.

1765, inclusive. And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-North Britain Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sank Notes, regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes House, upon the said Bill, issued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North

Britain: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Acts Alexander Gilmour, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Oswald, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, relating Mr. Elliot, and Mr. Coutts, do prepare, and bring in, the to consider of the several Acts, made in the 26th, 28th, ,. V. lame.; and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King w

f . George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation

Ctule Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Imported Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to permit the free Kingdom, and for the effectual Execution of the Laws

Ireland Importation of Cattle from Ireland, be now read. relating thereto, be now read.

e And the said Order being read accordingly; And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Tiflhe. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-

vennight.

Supply Bill}

African

Trade.

Land Tax

Commissitmars*

Discovery of the Longitude.

\tfavt and Meant.

Supply.

Supply Bill; American Stamp Duties.

5 Geo. ML

vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Mr. fenkinfonpresented to the House, According td

Order, a Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa with such coarle printed Callicoes and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and

ut'ed in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof} and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britaand all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five} together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of One Hundred Pounds per; and for limiting a Time, within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax } was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 12th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposels for discovering the Longitude;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

in next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty} Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read}

The House resolved' itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies and

Plantations in America, and for applying the same towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing such Colonies and Plantations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they fcid gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-Vot, 30,

inents thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarttSj 190 die;

Anno 5* Georgii III"1 Regis} 1765; PrayeiIs.

LORD Brownlow Beriie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields} Meadows, and Common Pal-tures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brtnvnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Elizabeth Douglas, Widow, Lady of the Manor of Aflackby, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend Thomas Fofier, Clerk, on behalf of himself, and, of the Reverend Brownlow Toller, Clerk, and fames HuYfl, Esquire, as joint Lords of the Manor of Dowfby, in the said County of Lincoln, Ann Garland, Spinster, Robert Ridlington and William Welby, Esquires, John Steel and William Buckberry, Gentlemen, on behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Aflackby and Dowfby aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred} That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Daniel Douglas, Esquire, being examined, laid. That there are, in the Manors and Parishes of Aflackby and Dowfby, a certain Tract of Common Fen Land, which is frequently overflowed with Water, and is of little or no Use to the Proprietors thereof; that the said Land is capable of being drained and improved, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Parties interested; but that the feme cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. Thomas Measure and Mr. Robert Rankes confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Fen, in the Parishes of Aflackby and Dowfby, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Dowdeswell, and Mr. Which cot, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting into execution an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Liitleworth, and by and over fames

Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Out gang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the high Road there, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

i wards

jjewton

Inclosure.

Aflackby

and

Dowfby

Inclosure*

Spalding High Bridge, &c. Road.

19 fteb 'ruarii.

a,

A. 17^5.

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Fuiwood Sanderson produced to your Committee,

ap Account of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act; whereby it appeared that the Sum of 3,134 16 s.9 $d.is now due on the Credit thereof; and the Witness said, that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and the said Money be repaid, un-leis the Tolls are increased, the Term continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged.

Mr. Theophilus Buckworth confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to continue the Term, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through and by

Frognall, over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the high Road there: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stockport, sir George Warren reported from the Committee, tp Rood*. whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of 1 caster, and York, reflding near, and usually travelling the

high Roads thereinafter mentioned, lying in the same Counties, whole Names arc thereunder written, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad.directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivertxl it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Newton, being examined, laid* That the Road ’ leading from the present Turnpike Road in Stockport, to the Finger Polls at Saxon Lane, and adjoining to the present Turnpike Road at the East End of the Town-. ship of Aiidenjhaw, otherwise Oudenjhaw; and also the Road from the CroJ's jn Af under Line to Doctor's Lane-

head, or Doctor's Gate, adjoining to the present Turnpike Road leading from Huddersfield to Oldham; apd also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road at or near the Finger Polls in the Town ship of to

1 Mottram, in Longdendale, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill. for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport to Saxons Lime End, in the County of and from the Croft, in Ashton under Line, in the County of Lan-r caster, to DoSlor's Lane-head, in the county of ; apd

also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road, in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chester: And that Sit George Warren,

- Mr. Shuttleworth, and- Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, do pre-

- pare, and bring in, the fame.

Silk A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are

mu aiture. jj^ereun{0 subscribed, being Silk and Worsted Weavers at Kidderminster, in the County Of Worcester, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition hdth been presented from the . Silk Throwfters, rfcpresenting the declining'State of the Manufactory of Silk Throwing in this Kingdorh; and; alleging, that the Mast^fe^pry'carried on by the Petitioners is'that of Silk mixed with^Wtirfted; and that *- altiioft the whole of the Thrown Silk used by the Petitioners is English Orghnzine, which the Petitioners find 20

more suitable to their. Manufactures thap foreign Orgar\ zine; that the encouraging the Importation of Raw Silk into this Kingdom, will be a Means of increasing the very: beneficial Trade of Throwing Silk in this Kingdom, and of encouraging the several Manufactures carried on by the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, apd grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Affifrants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery. of Weavers of in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

A Bill for dividing and; inclosipg the Open and C<pm- FJ-mborough mon Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of brough, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. LjJ-celles, Sir George Ytnge, Lord Brozvnlow Bertie, Mr.

Paterson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilson, Lord Strange, Mr.

Tozvn/hend, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Ferney, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir JarritSmith, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sandyr, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fuller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Butler, Sir William Baker, Mr. Garth, Sir George Savile, Mr. Duke,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Drake,

Sir George Pigot, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bagot,

Lord Thomond-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Lancader,. , Wefi-moreland, Northumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed, Bill to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk, H»ncorn*« heretofore called Richard Hancorn, and his Heirs Male, Name, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titje be, An Act to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk, heretofore called Richard Hancorn, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Fonnereau do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

a 1 ,

A Petition of the Makere and Manufacturers of White Woollen Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County ,of c'0*

IT . r , \¥1 r, MaouCrUilf*.

York,. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Laws now in being, for the regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the said West Riding, have been, by Experience, found not only to be ineffectual for the preventing Frauds in making of Woollen Cloth, and the undue Stretching of it when made, but have actually produced the contrary Effect, whereby the fair Trader is injured, and the Manufactory at Home and Abroad is very much debased and dicredited, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Petitioners in particular, and of the Kingdom in general; and representing to the House many Grievances, which, the Petitioners allege, they labour under by the Laws in being, with respect to the Breadths they are obliged to make their Cloths: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet, relieve the Petitioners from the Hardships they now lie under, and, by effectually preventing the Frauds and Abul’es above mentioned, restore the Manufacture of White Woollen Cloth, within the West Riding of the said County of York, to its ancient Reputation and Credit, both at Home and Abroad.

Ordered,

5 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Report in his Race; and afterwards de%e?ed '* Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the lamp was read; of the Justices of the Peace, assembled -at the General and is as followed);

Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act; for the West Riding of the County of York, the Grand of Parliament, rpade in the 24th Year of the Reign of his jury at the tame Sessions, the Gentlemen, Tfadcfmen, late Majesty, for repairing the float} from Clothiers, and other Manufacturers, in the tame Riding, Bridge to the Town of was re<^d.

is referred. And Mr. William Tomkin/ofi produced to your Committee an Account, by which it appeared, that a consider-Xong Eaton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, able Sum of Money was due on the Credit of the said Act. Xpclulure. Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor And the Witnesssaid. That the Trustees ^ppoinfed py of Long Eaton, in the Pari'fh of Sawley, in the County the said Act have caused the said Road to be repaired; of 'Derby, was read a Second Time. but that the same cannot be kept jn Repair, and the

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed to Mr . Kynaftou, Money now due repaid, during the fybfifting Term of Sir Francis Drake, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Thomas Cave, the said Act.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. And he further said. That the Road from Crofsfpgfi FonHcreau, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. fVhichcot, Mr. Shuttle- Bridge aforesaid, to Altrincham, is in a ruinous Qondition

worth. Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, General Howard, and cannot be properly amended and widened by the qr-( Mr. Bromley, Sir Gctrge Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Jen- dinary Course of iLaw,

dings. Lord Garlies, Sir Chltrles Kentys Tynte, Lord Carys- Ordered, That Leave 'be, given to bring in a . Bill t$> fort, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Drake, enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, mppe in t,he Lord DoWne, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Luttrell, Lord Verney, 24th. Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Mr.‘Upton, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Stephens, from Crofsford Bridge to Manchester; and for amending Lord Strange, Mr. Bagot, L_.rd Robert Bertie, Mr. Mon- the Rood from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid to a certaip tagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Place in the County Palatine of Chester:

Edward Bapitwr, and all the Members who serve for the And that the Lord Strange, Mr. and Mr.

Counties of Derby, Stafford, Warwick, Lanmjler, Notting- Reynolds, do prepare, and bring in, the lamp. ham, and York: And they are to meet thi. Afternoon, at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. The House was moved, that the Petition of the Re-

verend John Lee, Patron and Incumbent the Rectory Brandon Lord Robert Bertie presented to the House, according and Parish Church oi Burton in the County of

lndoiurr. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the "Fenn Leicester, and others, whole Names are thereunto fub-Grounds, Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Cloles, feribed. Proprietors of Land,'and Persons interested, in Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable the Open Fields and Commonable Places of and in Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Branfton, in the ton Overy aforesaid; ..which was presented to the House County of the City of Lincoln: And the same was re- upon this DayiSevennight, and then ordered to lie up^ij

teived; and read the'First Time the Table; might be again read. f

Resolved, That the Bill be read-a Second Time. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilk Manchester The Lord Strange reported from the Committee,’ to pursuant- to the Prayer of the.laid Petition; And that Saifold whom the Petition of several Gen lemen, Tradesmen* Sir Thomas Cave, SirCharles Mordptytt, and Sir, Tktpp^y Sixtetf. and others residing within the several Towns of Man- hringjn* the fame.

chester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

Was referred. That the Committee had exanr.in&d- the -Sir- jeported from the

Matter of the said Petition; and had directedj him Commictee,-ta whom the-Petitit)n.of thefev^al Persons to report the fame, asJ it appeared to them, to^ the whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trjufteas Tloufe; -and he'read the‘Report in his Place; and after- for putting in: execution an Act* i®4de,..in the ^yjh, Year wards delivered it in at the Cfetk’s Table-: ' Where the of his late Majesty, for opening, making, ^i.cfrning, ‘fame was read; ,'And'is as1 foil0weth; Viz. ‘ and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway,

Td prove the: Allegations of the'Laid P^titi©n}'Mf. 'through S/wr/LmtheCoHntyjof into

1 William Tomkinfoii said,'That the Towns bf ‘Manchester'thjARoad. leadingiintothe; Co^y iof>^.v;J^nd ’and Salford are very large} populdus, 'and trading 1 from the'West iiaduf)(_BrookStrfet,/iT\to Cqblefttrxt, 'Towns; that if the Streets, Lanes, and 'Paffhge$' thereof and from'

were kept clean and free horn Nuisances, and1 Were-prd- "chd -laid County. 'oioMiddleftx, w^ resprred jfhat, ffre perly enlightened, and ftifficient Engines' and dble Men Committee had examined the Mattefiipftheifrkid, Pefi-,wer« kept and employed for the extinguishing of Fires, tionfomd had directedbim tQ report.t^pyne^as it and'an able Nightly Watch was kept therein,- itwbuld appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-. tend to the Safety, Pfefervation; and Advantage of <he port in His'Place; and lftcrv-ardst deljvgred it inr^ the "Inhabitants of the said Towns. - ’* Clerk's!Table: Where the fame, was read; ^np-iSjas

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for-foHoweth} viz. ,i ,:

c.cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Paf- . To- provethe Allegations of the feidPetition, the fj^id fagys within the Towns of Manchester tend. Salford, in .'-Act was read ;and John Shukefptar, Seymour Staffer, and

’the CoUrity Palittiife of Lancaster fund for establishing a ’.Elquites,. being.exaffiinsd, laid, Thai the

. regular Watch} and for providing Fire-Engihes and Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Tire-men, and for preventing Antio^nces within the said Act, and-have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money Tbwns r And ‘that the Lord Strange,' Mr. ‘Shuttle-Worth ,on the Credit thereof, which, the Tolls; have bjen

and Mr. Reynolds, do prepare, and bring in, the feme. duly applied; but the Repair of the said Road cannot . , be-completed, and-ther Money due, thereon repaid, during

Crofstnrd The Lord Strange reported froitrthe Committee, to* the subsisting Term of the said Act.

‘ Bridge, whom the Petition’ of several Gentlemen,- Tradesmen, That £>me further Powers are. necessary for the.effec-’ and others, residing in and ftfear ‘the -Town d'Manehef-' tually putting-the. said r. Aft/ ihexeci^tion;. anft tha, it Road. ter^in the County Palatine of Dvicaster, and the I'own - would be of-public.Advantage if Ppwer. was giyeu to

of Altrincham, in the County Palatine df Cfoy?f7ywas re- water the said Roads in proper Seatons, and tp.efta’niifii ferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter a regular Watch upon the said Roads, and to provide a of the said Petition; and had ’directed him- to-report -the7 ldfficierlt N-Umber of Lamps to light, the laitle. fame, as it appeared to them/to thi House ;'ind he rfead - ^iThat^ Leave- be given to bring in ft Bill to

Voi,.'30! ' - ' A .«nivg«

ip° Februarii.

burton

Overy

Inclosure.

Ratciiffe

Highway

and

Shadwell

Roads.

Ulrome

Inclosure.

Everioghant

Inclosure*

Wad worth Inclosure.

Metcalfe’s

Name.

Leave of Absence.

Foundling

Hofjfitals.

Horlcy

and

Homton

liclosure.

l6o 1 o# Febru*2.116$*

enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made id the 17th Year of his late Majesty, for opening* making* widening, and keeping in Repair a Road froth Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Str, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads: And that Sir William Beauchamp ProHor, Mr.

and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds within the Township of , otherwise Owram, in Holderness, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Edmonstone, Lord Strange, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Jarrit Sir George

Yonge, Mr. Kynaston, Lord North, Mr. Upton, Mr. Wil-Jon, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Downe, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Walter, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Towttshend, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Pye, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Tucker-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Montgomery Metham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York;and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to t)rve House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Or" der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Marwood, Esq. lately called William Metcalfe, and his IftTue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr, Lockyer have Leave to stay in the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Children in the several Foundling Hospitals in London, Ackworth, Chester, Wefferham, Aylesbury, and Barnet; distinguishing

how many are of the Age of Six Years and upwards, and how many are at Nurse.

Mr. Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlets of Hurley and Horn-ton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was committed, that the Committee had exa-_ mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Stephen Jarrit, Richard Baffin, and Thomas Dove, whole Property consists of Two Yard Lands, One Quarter of a Yard Land, and One Acre, who refilled their

Consent to the Bill; and also except-----

whose Property consists of TWo Quarters of a Yard Land; and who could not be found; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuhtoj which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the nth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pis: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public

Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, intituled,

A. " Copy of Captain John Campbell's Computations

" of the Observations made for the Second Trial of " Mr. John Harrison's Time KeeperAnd also,

B. " Copy of Doctor Bevis's Computations of the said Observations, N* i. to 9, inclusive And also,

C. " Copy of Mr. George Computations of

4e the said Observations, N° 1. to 5, inclusive And also,

D. Copy of Mr. James Short's Computations of the said Observations, N° 1. to 6, inclusive." ‘

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read. '

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. John Richmond Webb be added to the Gentlemen, whd are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ,a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend Charles Tarrant, Doctor in Divinity, Reftorfof the Parish of St. George, Bloomsbury, in the County.1 of Middlesex. !

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and for applying the same towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, such Colonies and Plantations, was committed, the Amendments w'hich the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report

Discovery of the Longitude.

Pflte.

St.Georjre

Bloomfbuiy

Reftorial

Eftaie.

Supply Bill; American Stamp Duties.

o

i* Februar

5 Geo. III.

19 - — ^20

i6

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned, till Morning next.

Grenada, Lord Charles Spencer prefepted to the House, pur-c; suant to their Addrefe to His Majesty,

Duties. N° 1. Copy of a Represent&tion from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to His Majesty, relative to Duties to be levied in the Islands of ,the

Grenadines, Tobago, Saint Vitftents, and , dated

10th January 1764: And also,

%.Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, referring to the Lords of the Committee of Council, the aforegoing Representation from the Lords Commissroners of die Treasury, dated 27 th January: And also,

3. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, approving Five Draughts of Instiuments or Laws, for levying and collecting several Duties in the Islands of Grenada, the Grenadines, Tobago, Saint Vincents, and Dominica, and directing the Secretary of State to prepare Warrants for patting the same under the Great Seal, dated 23d May 1764; together with the Copies of the said Draughts annexed> And ajfp,

4. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, for delivering to Robert Mel, Esquire, Governor of the Grenada Islands, the Five Instruments or Laws for levying and collecting feyeraj Duties; with Directions to him to cause the same tube published and carried into execution within the said Islands, dated 17th August 1764.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sessiop.

Mercurtly 20° die Februarii;

Anno 50 Georgii III'1* Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

MR. IVhichcot presented to the House, according to Bawtiy Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the ^oad* Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln; and' from West Ra'ifin to Pilford Bridge-, and from the Great Road, about Six Furlongs West of Bishop Bridge, to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Crowle; and from Snow Sewer to Ferry, in the

laid County of Lincoln: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships em- Tyne River* ployed in the Coal Trade of the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the River Tyne, is of late Vears greatly injured, occasioned chiefly by the large Quantities of Ball aft that the Colliers are obliged to bring into the Port of Shields; which Ballast, after being landed at a great Expence on the Quays or Wharfs, is frequently washed away by Floods and heavy Rains, and blown off the Heaps in high Winds; and alleging, that the only Place where Ships of Burthen can load, is at Shields; and there it is so apparently filling up, that without some speedy Remedy to prevent the growing Evil, the Price of Coals must greatly advance, and that valuable Nursery for Seamen be destroyed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petion of the Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, is referred.

Isle of Man. The other Order of the Day heipg read, for the-Second Reading of the Rill :for more effectually preventing the Mi (chiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce <of Great Britain and Ireland, from the, illicit apd clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of

The Connfel against the Rift were called ip.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the -Petition of the Most noble John Duke of jitholl, and Charlotte Duqhefs of his Wife, Baron-

es Strange, was also read.

And One of the Counsel against the Rill was heard, ♦nd prpdu.ced Evidence in Suppprtof tfre.fejd Petition.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the other of the Counsel against the Rill was heard.

And then the Counsel were again dirpCced :tp withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the Bill was committed.

Resolved, That the Rifl be committed; to a Commi ttee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thorfday Se ven-might, the zBth Day of this instant resolve it-

iself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Rill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 30/

Mr. Meyrick reported from the Committee, to whom Angkfey

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from R‘oa<"'

Portkaethwy Ferry, to Holyhead, in the County of Angle-fey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had . directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place^ and afterwards delivered the Bill,

-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be dngrofled.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, to whom Shenfield, the Petition of several of the -Inhabitants of the Parrfhes &c-of Gosfield, Weatkerfield, and Finchingfleld, in the County 03 ’* -of Fffex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter -of the said Petition;and haddirected him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the-Clerk’s Table? Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, - Mr.

Thomas Rickard, being examined, said. That the Road leading from the -Village of Gosfield to the Town of Halfled, in the County of Essex, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and -widened by-the ‘Laws in being.

T t Ordereiy

162

20° Februarii. A. 1765.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual Tw'o Acts, passed in the 12th Year, of King Geer re the First, and 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Essex-, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Village of Gosfield to the Town of , in

the said County of Essex.

Dray cot Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, accord-

Inclosuie. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Dray cot, in the Parish of , in the County of

wick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carmarthen A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Caermarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the said County, particularly the Road from Kidwelly to Llangstephen , and from thence through Llangharn to Tavern Sp, and from Llangharn to Saint Clear's Bridge; and that the Road from the said Town of Llangharn, through Long Lane, to the Upper Ford or Ferry at Llangharn, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and inconvenient to Travellers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the County of Caermarthen, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Dunham Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom

Ferry, *c. the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

ham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of , was committed, That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Proceedings shall not be quashed for want of Form only.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

East India Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for

Company j the regulating Qualifications of the Proprietors of East Qualification [n^a Stock, was committed, be dischaqged from pro-

Proprietors. ceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trullees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, assembled at a General Meeting, and others, for putting in execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, in Southw, to the Lime Kilns, near Blackheath, and to the Town of Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent; and alto the Petition of the Trullees, assembled at a General Meeting, for putting in execution an Act made in the aid of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the feme, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, an Act passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street aforesaid, to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich, near Black-heath, and to Lewifham Church, in the County of which was to continue, from the 15th Day of 1718, for the Term of 11 Years: And also.

An Act passed in the 6th Year of King George the ill, whereby the Term granted by the first mentioned A ft was enlarged for the further Term of Ten Years, and the Repair of the said Roads was thereby extended from Lewifham Church to the First Mill Pond at South End, within the Parish of Lewifham, and other Tolls and Duties were set on Carriages, Horses, and Cattle, passing on the said Roads: And also,

Another Act passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the 2d, whereby the last mentioned Term was enlarged, and the Tolls and Duties, Clauses and Powers, contained in the former Acts, were continued from the 25th of March 1739, for the further Terra of Thirty-eight Years; and the Repair of the Roads was . thereby further enlarged, from the Lime Kilns aforesaid, to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent; and from a Place called St. Thomas a Waterings, in, the Parish of St. George, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Stones End, in Bermondsey Street, in the same County: And also,

An Act of the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 2d, for further extending the Repair of the said Roads, from the First Mill Pond, at South End aforesaid, to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the said County of Kent; were severally read: Then,

Mr. Thomas Launder, Surveyor of the said Roads, being examined, said, That the said Roads, from the Use of Broad Wheels, are now, and have been lor some Time pall, in a very good Condition.

But that the Road leading from the End of the Parish of Lewifham, at a-Place called Stump's Hill, to Stroud Green, which is about Three Miles in Length, and leads from the present Turnpike to the Croydon Road, is in a very bad Condition, too narrow, and, in that Part of it called Croydon Lane, unpassable for Carriages; and that Carriages, which ought to pals that Road, are obliged to go by Croydon, which is above Two Miles about; and that during the late War, the Cannon which were brought out of Sussex passed that Way, so long as the Road was passable.

That the Road leading from the Top of Bromley where the present Turnpike Road ends, to the End of Bromley Common, next to Farnborough, wants widening in Two or Three Places, and there is a Bank of Gravel which ought to be removed; and that ill the Way over

Bromley

Southwar*

to

Dartford

Roiiis*

5 Geo. III. 20 ° Februarii. 163

Bromley Common wants much Labour to put it in arising by the Paid Acts, to the Trustees for putting in Order. execution an Act of the 2ad Year of King George the

And a Member present informed your Committee* Second, for opening and making a new Road from the That he had known Teams stuck fail in that Part of East End of New , in the l'arish of St. Join'., the Road. wark, to and through the several Places therein men-

And Mr. Launder added. That the said Roads could tionedj and for keeping the Paid Road in Repair for the not be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that future: And that Mr. Peter , Sir Francis

it would require about £. 690 to make the said Roads Mr. , Mr. Mr. , and Mr.

pallable, and about £. 1,200 to make them complete worth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, and commodious. /

The Witness further said, That he knows the Road Mr. Lafceltes presented to the House, according to Bitftalt leading from the End of the present Turnpike Road, Older, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from out of the Parish of Lewisham, into the adjoining Parish the Sign of the Coach and in , to the Ro^d.

of Lee, which is about a Mile long, to the North End Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley , to of Burnt Ash Lane, which is very narrow, bad, and the Town of ,in the West Riding of the

:ruinous, and that it wants railing and widening; and County of York: And the same was received; and that he likewise knows the Road from a Place, called the read the First Time.

Crown and Boot, where it separates from the present Refelved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Turnpike Road, to the Stones End, in London Street, in

the Parish of Greenwich, which is about Half a Mile A Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Tyne River* long, and is in very bad Repair; and that the said Road Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon is the principal Communication between London and Tyne, whose Names are thereunto fiibferibed, was pre-Greenwich, and much frequented; but that neither of fented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the the Two last mentioned Roads can be repaired by the Petitioners observe, that a Petition of the Owners and ordinary Course of Law. Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between

Being asked, as to the Expence of repairing the last London and Shields, has been presented to the House, mentioned Half Mile of Road, he said. It would amount containing Allegations touching the Harbour and River to about £.70: Ther, of Tyne, which, these Petitioners apprehend, are not well

Mr. Matthew Butler being examined, as to the Ex- founded; and that the Petitioners further apprehend, pence of repairing the Road from the Parish o i Lewisham, that fotne other Method is intended by the said Petition into the adjoining Parish of Lee, being of the Length of to be introduced, for the Dilpolal of Ballast, to be taken a Mile, or thereabouts, lie said it would amount to^.500; out of Ships in the said River, than by laying it upon and that he believed there was not any where lo bad a Land, where the Tide or Water never flows or runs.

Piece of Road lo near London: Then, Which, the Petitioners conceive, is the only fafeand cer-

Mr. Evereft, Clerk to the Trustees, informed your tain Means for preserving the said River from Nuisances Committee, that the Tolls were let at £. 2,567 a Year; by Ballast; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the that the Repairs amounted Communibus Annis tp £.1,100 Coal Trade hath not suffered any delay or Interruption a Year; and that after all other Expences deducted, from the present State and Condition of the Navigation there remained a yearly Saving of somewhat more than of the said Rivet or Port; but, on the contrary, that £.1,000. the same is gready increased; it appearing that, in the

To prove the Allegations of the 2d mentioned Peti- Year 1764, 20,000 Chaldron, and upwards, Newcastle tion, a Member present informed your Committee, That, Measure, were exported from to London nod.

in pursuance of the Act mentioned in the Petition, a Coastways, more than in any One Year before; and that Road had been opened from the New Street in South- 40,000 Chaldrons of Coals and upwards, Mea-

wark, to But Lane, in the Parish of Deptford, where the lure, were brought into the Port of more than

fame terminates, and falls into the Great Road leading in any preceding Year: And therefore praying the from the Stones End, in Kent Street, to Dartford, whereby House to take the Pretnifes into Consideration,. and to a Communication has been made between the said last permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or their mentioned Road, and divers Places in Southwark, to the Counsel, against such Parts of the said Petition, as, in great Advantage of the Public, and particularly to the their Opinion, may affect or endanger the said River and King’s Dock Yards; and that this Road, in his Opinion, Harbour; and that the Petitioners may have such other has been the Means of bringing an additional Number of Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Carriages and Passengers to the Kentish Roads: Then, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Samuel Gilliam, Esquire, being examined, said. That sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the the Trustees for the said Road had borrowed £. 9,000 Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade on the Credit of the Tolls: And, between and is referred; and that the

Mr. Berish Rill, Clerk to the Trustees, produced an Petitioners be heard by themselves, before the said Coui-Account to your Committee, whereby it appeared, that mittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit. the Tolls were so far unequal to pay off any Part of the

Debt, that the yearly Expence of repairing the Road, A Petition of the Governor and Stewards, and Bre- Dittoj

together with the Interest of the Money borrowed, ex- thren, of the Fraternity of Hoftmen, of the Town of ceeded the Income of the Tolls £. 265. 10s. a Year. Newcastle upon Tyne, was also presented to the House,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and read: Also taking Notice of the said Petition, which, amend several Acts passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years these Petitioners allege, contains Allegations touching of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty- ‘ the Harbour and River of Tyne hot well founded; and

fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing that the Preservation of the Navigation of the River of Tyne

several Roads, from the Stones End, in Kent Street, and is of great Consequence to these Petitioners, and to this Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Kingdom in general; and further setting forth, That,

Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and at the Mouth of the River Tyne, there is a Bar, and also Beckenham, in the County of Kent-, and for extending a large Bed of Sand, called The Herd", and that the Peti-the said Act to the Repair of the Roads leading from the tioners apprehend, the Navigation of the said River End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud may be in Danger of being totally obstructed by a con-Green, and to the End of Bromley Common, next Farnbo- siderable Increase of Sand or Ballast either upon the Bar rough, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, or Herd; and that the permitting of Ballast to be un- and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish - loaded from Ships or Vessels in the River Tyne, other-of Lee; and for making an Allowance, out of the Tolls wife than to be cast or thrown upon the dry Land, where Vol. 30. the

Tyne River*

Grenada,

See.

Duties*

Manchester

and

Saldford

Streets.

Cro&ford Bridge, See. Road.

Supply BilJ; African Trade.

164 - 20 FebruariL~ A. 1765.

the Tide or Water never flows or runs, may be of dan* gerous Consequence to the Port and River of:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they will not make any Alteration in the Laws now in Fqrce, concerning the unloading of Ballad in the said Port or River of eastle upon Tyne.

A Petition of the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House, in Newcastle upon Tyne, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that some other Method is intended to be introduced, for the Disposal of such Ballad, than by laying it on Land where the Tide doth not flow, which, according to the Petitioners Judgment, is the only safe and certain Means for preventing Nuisances in the said River, by casting Ballad: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and not differ Ballad to be cad in any other Method than is directed by the Statute of the 19th Year of his late Majesty.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Maders of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, is referred.

The House being informed that Mr. Bannister, from the Office of the Six Clerks in Chancery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prpfented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty,

Copy. — Patent, appointing a Duty of Four and an Half per Cent, in Specie, on all dead Commodities shipped off from the Island of Grenada; and also a Poll Tax on the Inhabitants of said Island: And also.

Copy. — Patent, appointing a Duty of Four and an Half per Cent, in Specie, on all dead Commodities shippea off from the Grenadine Islands; and also a Poll Tax on the Inhabitants of said Islands: And also.

Copy. — Patent, appointing a Duty of Four and an Half per Cent. Specie, on all dead Commodities shipped off from the Island of Dominica: And also,

Copy. — Patent, appointing a Duty of Four and an Half per Cent, in Specie, on all dead Commodities shipped off from the Island of Saint Vincents: And also

Copy. — Patent, appointing a Duty of Four and an Half per Cent, in Specie, on all dead Commodities shipped off from the Island of Tobago.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Cqpies do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of and Salford,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, And for establishing a regular Watch, and for providing Fire Engines and Fire-men, and for preventing Annoyances, within the said Towns.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey be. added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the 24th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crojsford Bridge to Manchester; and for amending

the Road from Crajsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester.

A Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse Printed Calicos, and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East btdies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and

l9

uled in Great Britain-, for encouraging the Importation

of Bugles into this. Kingdom, for the better Sopp y of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, anil all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation ot Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the IjU of Man; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for t ie' more effectually preventing the Mi (chiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Britain and Ireland,

from the illicit and clandestine Trade (to and from t:e Isle of Man, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do alter and nuke both the said Bills into one.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chamber, and mmmon die Members there to attend the Service of the House. 4

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

It paflbd in the Negative.

Then the House was called over; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, were taken d nvn.

Then the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, were again called over; and several of them appeared; and the Tell were exenfed, on Account of their own Illnefe, or the Illness of their near Relations, or as being in Town, or as being Abroad or in the Public Service, or absent upon other extraordinary Avocations, or with the Leave of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into 'a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ctf ’the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, jn at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be luffleient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Oldered, That Mr. Fitzherbert have Leave to make.a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered,

CiB of the House*

Poor Lawti

Ways and Means*

Supply*

Committees*

Tythe of Madder*

Crewkerne

Roads.

Rebuilding

Newgate.

5 Geo. III. ao* — 21s

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dyers, Calico Printers, and others using Madder in their several Trades, in behalf of themselves and many others, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

ovisy 210 dieFebruarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III'" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

f^H.ARLES Frederick Hempel, James Janot, and topher John Schultz, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons living in, near, and usually travelling the Road leading from a certain Water, called South Perrot Water, which divides the Counties of Somerset and Dorset, through the Parish of Miflerton, and to and through the Town of Crewkernein the said County of Somerset, to the North End of a Lane, called Provost Lane, in the Parish of Stoke under Hambden, in the said County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from a certain other Water, which divides the said Counties of Somerset and Dorset, called Brimb/e ,through the said Parish of Mifterton, to the Post, at a

Place called Roundham, in the said Parish of Crewkerne; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Crewkerne, over Clapton Bridge, to the Three Ashes, in the said Parish of Crewkerne-, and also the Road leading from Broadfhard, in the said Parish of Crewkerne, through the Pari fir of Merriot, to Lopenhead, within the Parish of Lopen, in the said County of; was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Budden said. That he knows the said several Roads; that they lead from the Ports of Bridport and Lime, to the Cities of Bath and that they are

in a ruinous Condition, and narrow, and incommodious in many Places; and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Robert Taylor confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset: And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in Session assembled, on be-

half of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, which hath been lately presented to the House, relating to the Gaol of Newgate; and representing to the House, that the said Gaol is supposed to have been originally built in the Reign of King Henry I. or of King Stephen; that is to lay, between the Years 1100 and 1154; and that the same hath been under the foie Government of, and hath from Time to Time, sometimes by express Mandate from the King,

Vql. 30,

Februarii. 165

been rebuilt, repaired, altered, and enlarged, by the City of London-, and that, supposing the Number of Prisoners yearly committed to the said Gaol to be as great as is alleged, and that Two Thirds of such Prisoners are Middlesex Prisoners (the latter of which Positions these Petitioners do by no means admit) the Number is rather less now than it hath been for a long Series of Years past; and that the County of Middlesex have several Prisons of their own, winch they maintain at a great Expence, wherein no malignant Disease hath ever yet appeared, to which Prisons, Persons for all but the most atrocious Offences are committed; and that the foie Reason why any Middlesex Prisoners at all are in Newgate is, that the Citizens of London do, by their several Charters, among divers other valuable Privileges and Immunities, hold the Shrievalty of Middlesex, together with that of London, in Farm; and that, as they unite those Two several Offices and the Jurisdictions attendant thereon in the same Persons, so do they make the Prison of Newgate, which is situated in and is properly the Prison of London, a Prison for the County of Middlesex-, that therefore the Custody of the Middlesex Prisoners is not to be considered as a Burthen on the Citizens, but as a necessary Consequence of their Nomination of the same Persons as are Sheriffs of London, to be Sheriff of Middlesex, the Right to which Nomination could never have been forced on them; they must necessarily be supposed originally to have solicited it, and the rather, as they constantly exercise it, and, under colour thereof, have, for many Years past, raised immense Sums; in Proof whereof, the Petitioners allege, that, since the Year 1672, the Amount of Sheriffs Fines hath been upwards of £.148,750 a sufficient Part whereof the Petitioners apprehend might very properly have been applied by the Citizens for the rebuilding of their Gaol of Newgate, as it is, in Judgment of Law, the Prison of the Sheriff; and that, although it is now upwards of 600 Years since the first building of the said Gaol, no Attempt hath ever been made to charge the County of Middlesex with any Expence attending the fame; but, on the contrary, immediately after the dreadful Conflagration in 1666, when the real Distresses of the Citizens might oblige them to implore the Aid of Parliament, they, without any previous Application to the County of Middlesex, obtained, for the Purpose of building Prisons for felons and other Malefactors, (among other Tilings) a Grant of a very considerable Revenue by a Dufy on Coals, which hath produced to the City no less a Sum than £. 736,804; and that, how much soever the Petitioners may be disposed to lament that the said Gaol is still ill constructed, close, incommodious, and unhealthy, they humbly hope, that the County of Middlesex is not answerable for any of the bad Consequences of its Construction or Situation, in as much as the City, and not the County, have made it what it is; and that the Citizens have been possessed of at least two Funds, amounting together to near £. 900,000 Sterling, out of which, for aught that has ever yet appeared to the Public, they might have rebuilt their Gaol of Newgate, without any Aid of the County, which already is taxed at near 1000l. a Year for the Maintenance of its own Gaols, and other Purposes, by County Rate, of which Rate, the Petitioners, as Justices of the Peace, are Trustees; that the Revenues of the City are immense; the Offices in their Disposal, so long ago as the Year 1721, were estimated at £. 152,000 and a very few Years will put the Citizens in the actual Possession of such Estates as must yield an Income much more than adequate to the Expences of its Government; and that, as the Sources of these Revenues are in general Royal Grants, many of them under the express Condition of well-governing the City, and are enjoyed by the Citizens in their Political and Corporate Capacity, the Revenues cannot be considered as Private Emoluments, in Reason and Justice they ought to be applied only for the Public Purposes; and, as the Petitioners conceive, the defraying the necessary Expences

U u of

21° Februarii

166

A. 17 65.

of Magistracy, the Erection and Repair of Gaols, Bridges, and other Public Edifices, are tome of those beneficial Purposes for which such Grants seem originally to have been intended, and to which the Revenues, thereby arising, are with the greatest Propriety applicable; for which Reasons, as also for divers of Weight and Importance, which the Petitioners have to offer, they do deny that the said Gaol ought to be rebuilt at the Expence of the City of London and County of Middlesex, in any Proportion whatsoever; on the contrary, that the Citizens are by Law bound, and ought, at the foie Expence of the City, to rebuild and repair the said Gaol whenever the same shall be necessary: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the Matters contained in the said Petition, so far as the same may any way tend to impose a Charge on the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Warwick Mr, Methuen reported from the Committee, to whom to the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and rRoad*>ton principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in 03 ' the County of Warwick, and of the several Gentlemen and others, residing near the said Borough of Warwick, ' usually travelling the Road therein after-mentioned; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Towns of Northampton and in the County of Northampton, and the Town of in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto fub-icribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. John Spicer, and Mr. John Beardjiey, being severally examined, said, That the Road leading from the Great Bridge in the said Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to Northampton, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious; and the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton: And that Mr.

Methuen and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Alliford Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac-and cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Sheldon several Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and laclosure. \yafte Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. George Mr. Harris of Christ Church presented to the House, Blocriibury according to Order, a Bill for Sale of certain Lands, in Estate? ^e County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money arising the reby, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said

Rector: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Twyzvell, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William , and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Tumor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William , and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Tumor.

Ordered, That Mr. Luther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of many Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons using the Markets of Minehead, and Dunjler, in the County of SomerJ'et, and others travelling that Road, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is intended to be made for a Bill to repair certain Highways within the Counties of Smerfet and Devon, amongst which it is proposed to set up Gates for collecting Tolls between the Towns of Minehead and in the said

County; representing to the House, that the Roads between Minehead and Netherfiowey, which are about 15 Miles distant, have been, in Part, put in good Repair by the Statute Labour; and that the rest, being in general over a good Soil, may be amended and very well repaired by the Statute Labour, and by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the Road runs, which they are willing and desirous of doing without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That there may be no Turnpike erected between the said Town of Minehead and Netherfiowey, as it will be a great Burthen on the County; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief , as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town and County of Boole to Winborn Mittfler, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Comer, in the county of ,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Drax, Mr. Major, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Lultre/l, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Eames, Mr. Parker, Lord Orwell, Mr.

tin, Sir Edward Winnington, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Harris, Mr. Luther, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Drake, Sir George Savile, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. , Mr. Gas-

coyne, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kane, Mr. Lord

ham, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Duke, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Grey, Lord Grey, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Walter, Mr.. Butler, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Ahem crombie, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, fKilts, Southampton, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretferton, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

TwVcrell

Inclosure.

Ager’i

Name.

Minehead,

&c.

Roadt.

Poole, Sc c. RiaJ.

Bretferton

Inclosu^.

c Geo. III. 21 Februarii. 167

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1’enn inn Sir George Fonge presented to the House, according Road. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorfe and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Work house at the East End of the Town of Hcniton, in the County of Devon; and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place called Quandoe's Gate, and also several Roads leading from aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of lb much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchment on Ajkerfwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from to

Beaminster-, and also for amending the Road from the North End of South Street to And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Siddenden Mr. Befl presented to the House, according to Order, ®ncl. a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Road*.* Town of Biddenden, in the Kent, through Chair-

ing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Great Mr. Walter reported from the Committee, to whom

Tornngion the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re [air,

04 several Roads in and near Great Farrington, in tin County of Devon, was committed, That the Com-; iitee had examined the Allegations of the bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gme through the Bill, and made P. vc.at Amendment :n-:e-. unto, which they had directed. him to report to t» House; and he read the Rep ri in hit Place; and j-wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendin', n: , m af the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments \\ 10 Oi.ce read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oik \,y f m-; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wetc agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Tyne A Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners of

River. the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunder!and, in the County of Durham, within the -Limits set to th in an Act of Parliament passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, assembled at a Meeting, pursuant to the said Act, on Thursda the 14th Day of February 2 765, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, Which was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of this Instant; and alleging, that all Ships of great Burthen trading to the Port of Sunderland are obliged to anchor at Sea, and take in their Loading at a great Distance from the Harbour, and, in bad Weather, such Ships are often driven from their Anchors, in which Emergencies the Port and Harbour Of Shields is the only Port to the Northward to which Ships can make for Safety; and therefore all Persons, trading with Ships of great Burthen to the Port of Sunderland, are particularly interested in the Preservation of the Port of Shields; and that the Petitioners are appre-hensive, that some Method, other than the Catting of Bnllatt fipon the dry Land, where the Tide or Water never flows or runs, is intended to be attempted in the said Port of Shields; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the permitting of Ballast to be unloaded from Ships in the Port or Harbour of Shields, otherwise than to be call upon the dry Land, might be of the most dangerous Consequence to the said Port and Harbour: And "Vol. 30.

therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and hope the House will not, by any new Law, permit any Ballad to be unloaded from any Ship or Vessel in the Port or Haven ot Shields, otherwise than so be call upon dry Land.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, is referred.

A Petition of the Cloth Workers and Dressers of Broad Woollen Cloths, in the Borough of Leeds and West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having seen in the Votes, that a Petition has been presented from the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding, the Grand Jury at the same Sese fions, and the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and other Manufacturers in the same Riding; and alleging, that these Petitioners not having been previously acquainted with the Intentions of the said Petitioners, humbly pray, that, before the several Acts mentioned in the said Petition, or any of them, be repealed, or any Act passed in Consequence of such Petition, the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves of Counfd, before this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Grand Jury at the same Sessions, the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Ciothiers, and other Manufacturers in the same Riding, is referred.

A Bill for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby. in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Repaved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mi. Ah;? afion, Mr. Duke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Touchet, Mr.

Methuen, Lord Strange, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gdfcoyne, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Ward, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dowdeswelt, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Cholm-lev, Coiond Fitzroy, Mr. F Mr. Nugent, Mr. Butler, Mr. Harris, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Staunfon, Sir George Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Blackstone, M . Burrell, Sir John Wynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Bu/ler, Mr . MontagMr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Lascelles; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, York, Lancaster, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchwich and Norton, and the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Makers and Venders of Hats made with Beaver, Rabbits Fur, and other Materials, in the Cities of London and Wefimirfier, the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, on behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Hat Manufacture did receive an Encouragement from Parliament the last Sessions, by an Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu

thereof

Woollen

Cloth

Manufactory*

Balby

Pinfold,

&c

Leachwich and Norton Iaclo Cure,

Fjrfh and Rabbit Stealing.

Wrotham

to

God (lone Road*

Estates of Ecclesiastxal Corporations.

Ditto.

21" Februarii. A. 1^65.

thereof, and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver Wool, and for taking off the Drawback allowed upon the Exportation of such Skins; that the Petitioners, being rival’d by the French in the Article of Hats made with Beaver, Rabbits Fur, and other Materials, flatter themselves they shall, by means of the said Act, retrieve the Exportation of Hats to foreign Parts; that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that it is ordered to be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for restraining Persons from keeping Rabbits upon or near any Sea Bank or Sea Wall; and that Rabbits Fur being a very essential and valuable Article in the Hat Manufacture, and growing in no other Place in the Perfection that it does in this Kingdom, and several Warrens having of late Years been destroyed, and the Land applied to other Uses, the Petitioners are apprehensive, that a further Demolition of Rabbit Warrens will tend not only to defeat the Purposes of the said Act, but alto to dcltroy the Exportation of Hats from Great Britain, espectally as the French have laid lb high a Duty upon the Exportation of Rabbits Skins and Rabbits Fur, as amounts almost to a Prohibition thereof: And therefore praying, in behalf of thi- great and valuable Branch of Manufacture, that if such Clause, or Clauses, be received, they may be so qualified, as to prevent the Consequences apprehended by the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may have Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, if necessary, against such Clause, or Clauses; and that they may have Time allowed to prepare proper Evidences from different Countries; or that the House will give them such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, is committed.

Lord George Sackville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under certain Restrictions therein to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for confirming such Exchanges of Messuages, lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall have been made, before a Time to be therein limited, by any Parson, Vicar, or Perpetual Curate, with Consent of the Patron and Ordinary.

Ordered, That the Order of the 13th Day of this instant February, for an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to quiet the present Possessors of Leases from Ecclesiastical rerlbns, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, of Tythes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjojfnent of such Leases; and to enable Ecclesiastical Perl'onS, and Bodies 22

Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments, with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved; be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to quiet the present Possessors of Leases from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, of Tythes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives, or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases; and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments, with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved: And that Mr. Ridley, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. JVilb, Sir Roger gate. Sir Walter WagstaffeBagot, Mr. Thomas

and Mr. Hatton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, in the County of Kent: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees and Creditors under an Act of the 26th of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, and several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and of several other Persons living in and near the Towns of //-minster, Chard, and other Places, who frequently travel the Road from Chard to Honiton through Stockland; was referred; Thar the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;'and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees for repairing the District of Road from Hafleborough Bridge, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, were iuipowered to borrow the Sum of 3,000l. on the Credit of the Tolls to be collected thereon.

George Worry, Esquire, Treasurer to the said Trustees, produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that 2,400l. hath been borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the said Act, and that only 100l. hath been paid off; and the Witness laid, that great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Road, but it will be necessary to build Bridges or Arches over some Parts of the fame; and that the Road cannot be effectually amended, and the Money due on the same be paid off during the fub-lifting Term of the Act; and that it is the Desire of the principal Part of the Creditors, both in Number and Value, and who have signed the Petition, that the present Application is made.

And the Witness further said, That the Road from Chard to Honiton, through the Parishes of Chard, -brook, Chardjlock, Membury, , Cotleigh, Monk-

ton, and Honiton, measures only 12 Miles One Furlong and 22 Poles, but that the same is in a ruinous Condition, and, in some Parts, very narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being; and that the Road from Chard to Honiton, through Axminster, measures 16 Miles by the Stones; that a considerable Woollen and Lace Manufacture is carried on at Honiton, and a Woollen Manufacture af Chard, and the Goods manufactured at these Places are carried from One Town to the other on Horses; that if the Road was made passable for Carriages, Goods would be carried cheaper, and it would be of public Utility.

That if the said Trustees were enabled to borrow 700/,

more

Tunbridge

and

Maidstone

Road.

Compton

to

Axmiofter

Road.

21° Februarii.

169

5 Geo. III.

more than the £.3,000 it would be sufficient to repair all the said Roads.

Mr. John Ford ',being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Worry, with respect to the Condition and Admeasurement of the Roads, and the Impracticability of repairing the Road from Ch, through Warn brook, to Honiton, by the Laws in being; and said, that it was the old Pod Road from London to Exeter; that the Hills are not so long, but deeper than they are through but could travel Mile for Mile as soon on the intended as on the present Turnpike Road; that Materials are near,-and that it may cod about ^.100 a Mile to put the same into proper Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, and several

other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; so far as the same relates to the Road from Hajleborough Bridge, to the-Ead End of the Town of Axminster; and for repairing and widening the

Road from Chard, through Stockland, to Honiton, in the County of Devon:And that Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Touchet, Mr. Prowse, and the Lord North, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The: House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of January 1765, being Old Christmas Day, with the Annual Intered, or other Charges payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

Xx

TW

Account;

Public Debts,.

To the.Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Act CO UNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out the 5th Day of January 1765, (being Old Christmas with the Annual

Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

o

D

CQ

r-H

n'

CD

CL

<D

o

FT

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and feribed to the South Sea Company -

Ditto — for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorfiiip, being the original Sum contributed -

Ditto — for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths ——

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills - - «r,

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in fhis Account, nor the £.1.000,000 charged on the Deduction of 6d, per Lib. on Pensions, nor the £.800,000 charged on the Supplies, Anno 1765, nor the £. 1,000,000 charged on the Supplies, Anno 1766.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. 3tii Regis, and Two other A6° 90 Anna Regina, at£. 3 per Cent, per Annum ——

Annuities at £.3 per Cent. per Ann. Anno 1744* charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the 1 ft August 1743

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii primi Regis ——

Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, pei' Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 -

~ ~ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Coals, fi nee Lady Day 1719 ——

per Cent, per Ann. rbmo 1746, charged 00 the Dudes on Licences for rerailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746

per Cent. per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts 25°, a8°, 29°, 32* Ctf 330 Gii. 2^ Regis, & 40 Gii. tertii Regis per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, by the Act 31 Gii. zdi Regis -

per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 250 Gii. 2dI Regis -

Ditto — at£. 3^ per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Act 290 Gii. zdl Regis -

Ditto — at £. 3I per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, by the Act 31° Gii. 2^ Regis -

Ditto — at £.4 per Cent, per Amt. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts of the 20 Gii. 3 Regis ——

Ditto — at £. 4 per Cent. per Ann. in Lottery Tickets, charged on the additional Duties on Wines, by the Act 30 Gii. Tertii Regis -

Ditto — at £.4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the said Act -

Ditto — at £.4 per Cent, per Ann. to satisfy certain Navy Bills, £1c. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 30 Gii. Tertii Regis - - r

Ditto — at £. 3 Ditto — at £ 3 Ditto — at £.3 Ditto — at £. 3 Ditto — at £. 3

33*1*7*8

500,

*82. _< in

,oooo----- — 3

700,000 — — 1 2,800,000 — — 3

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £.100 to the Lottery 1745 were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9s. a Ticket, which amounted to £.22,500, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £.17,637 5s. And the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1746 were allowed an Annuity for One Life of i8j. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 35,557 10/. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3 per Cent. Annuides, Anno 1757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of £. 1 2j. 6d. which amounted to £. 33,750, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to £.32, 231 7/. Gil. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £-3 Cm*- Annuities, Anno 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £. 1 2s. 6d. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England\ to£. 130,053 joj. 3d. which Annuities are an Increafeof the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Dubt, as no Money was advanced for the farue: And the Contributors to £. 12,coo,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to an Annuity of £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. to continue for 98 Years, and then to cease, which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of £* 121,687 iox. which Annuities for 99 Years, and 98 Years, were consolidated by the Act 40 Georgii Tertii Regis ——

Principal Debt.

1,836,37$ 17 loj; 108, TOO — — 7S,i°$ 1+ lCi 2,200 -

3,200,000 — —

1,000,000 — —

3.200.000 -

500,000 — —

4,000,000-----

1.250.000 — —

1.750.000 -

986,800 — —

33^27,821 $ 1.

17,701,323 16 4

1.500.000 — —

4.500.000 — — 20,240,000 — —

3.500.000 — — 3.4-83,553 I 10

Annual Interest, or other Charges, Payable for the fame.

SOUTH

SEA

COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgii Primi Regis

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

Exchequer, the aiftDay of February 1765.

25,025,30913 ui

2,100,000 — —

29,586,489 10 —

136,4.53 12 8

7,56;-----

9,107 12 —

97,285 14

30.40* 15

100,000 — — 15,000 — — . 121,898 3 5J

37.500 -

52.500 -

29,604-----

1,027,588 5 8 '

540,996 14 —

53,343 *5 —

160,031 5 —

820,985 — — -

140.030-----

39.34* 4

4,686,299 1,

5. r. Jul%

1 r?

337,1*" 2 9

765,326 3 {N

64,181 5 —

On

Ln

Tytlif of Madder.

>; Geo. III.' 2i° Februarii,

v.' t

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Dyers, Callico Printers, and others, using Madder in their several Trades, in behalf of themselves and many others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, John Arbuthiot, Esquire, a Callico Printer, informed

your Committee, that Madder is a principal Ingredient, without which, many material Colours in Callico Printing cannot be fixed.

That he apprehends 1,500 Tons of Madder are annually consumed in Callico Printing alone#

Then an Act, passed in the 3 ill: Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in this Kingdom, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, which was to continue in force for Fourteen Years, was read: And,

Mr. Arbuthiot said, That the belt Sorts of Madder, which are used in Callico Printing, have role since 17*58, the Year the said Act palfed, from Five Guineas to Seven Guineas per Hundred Weight.

That an inferior Sort of Madder, called Umbro, which is chiefly used by the Woollen Dyers, has role since that Time, Cent, per Cent. — That Sort is likewise used in Callico Printing, in inferior Work, which has induced many Printers to substitute Logwood instead of it for some particular Sorts of Work, which not being a fixed Colour, greatly discredits our Printing Manufactory abroad, where the create ft Encouragement is given to the Printing Bu-finels, particularly in France, where they are now able to undersell us; and the Witness said. That he law his own "Works copied and executed £.40 per Cent, cheaper than he could do it, in French Flanders.

That if the Act was continued, this Country could supply the whole Llufiness of Callico Printing with the best Sort of Madder; which is particularly adapted to this Climate.

That he has made Experiments of Madder of his own Growth, which the Witness prefers to foreign Madder.

And it appeared from some Samples produced to your Committee, that it requires Three Years before it can be brought to any degree of Perfection fit for Use.

That it is necessary to have it dried under Shelter, as it is subject to mildew, if exposed to the Air, which renders it not marketable.

That the Expence of building Houses necessary for a Plantation of 20 or 30 Acres, will coll about 100, exclusive of a Mill, which the Witness apprehends would cost about £. 100 more.

And he apprehends many Persons will be deterred, not only from beginning, but carrying on the Businessof Callico Printing, if the Act is not continued.

A Member present informed your Committee, that Mr. Andrews, a considerable Callico Printer, told him, he would decline his Business unless the Act was continued.

Mr. Edmund Farmer, Mr. Robert Jones, and Mr. Joseph ‘Tohvyn, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Arbuthiot.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof: And that Mr. Whitworth, the Lord Stran, the Lord Carysfort, the Lord Coleraine, and Mr. Mawbey, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Vox.. 30.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Westminer Reading of the Bill for the better enabling the Commis- Pacing? fiohers for putiing in execution the several Acts passed’ Streel ioU* for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George, Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrews, Holborn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of L which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to execute the Trusts vested in them by the said Acts; be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Di"o. Southwark, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the.Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for " the better enabling " the Commissioners for putting in execution the several " Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares,

" Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of " Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, to " execute the Trusts vested in them by the said Acts,* by which an additional Toll on Sundays is intended to be laid on all Persons passing through the Turnpike nearest Westminster Bridge, in the County of Surrey, that on account of the great Number of heavy Carriages passing through the said Borough, to and from the Cities of London and Westminster, and the adjacent Counties, the Pavements of the Streets within the same are become extremely ruinous and bad, not wit hstanding very considerable Sums of Money have been expended in their Reparation; and that, since the Opening of and the making the Road across Saint George's the Waggons, Carts, Drays, and Coaches, as have Occasion to go from Westminster, to the Custom House Quays, and the Eastern Part of the City of London or Essex, generally pals through the said Borough; and that the Turnpike at which it is proposed by the said Bill to collect the additional Toll aforesaid, Hands nearly in the Midway, between the Borough of Southwark, and the City of Westminster, and the Intercourse between the said City and Borough is reciprocal: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, or, if it should, that a Moiety or other Part of the additional Toll, to be collected at the said Gale, may be appropriated towards the better Maintenance"of the Pavements within the said Borough.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te^rs for ,h.Y

Teller, for the No^ £££'""-

} 'SI-

\ 58.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tivefday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of , assembled in General Quarter Session of the Peace, holden in and foss the said County, by Adjournment, on Thursday ‘he 14th Day of February 1765, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie pon the Table, until the Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Inhabitants of

the

Call of the House.

Dutt oft Cider.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

172

210 Februarii. 1765.

the Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, in behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, this Day presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House be called over upon this Day Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Devon, and others, holding and occupying Lands within the said County, assembled in a General County Meeting, held at the Castle of Exeter, the Twenty-fifth Day of January 1765: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exeter, met together at the Guildhall of the said City, the Thirty-first Day of January 1765: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Bailiff, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Houston, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of and others,

occupying Lands in the said County, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Lojl-withiel, the 18th Day of January 1765:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, That the Petitioners and others are subjected to many Grievances, by lo much of Two several Acts, passed in the 3d and 4th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, which lays an additional Duty on Cider and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it, under the ' Power of the Excise Laws: And praying the

: House to take the Premises into Consideration,

and to give such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion wds made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 3d Year of His Majesty’s Reign, as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cider and Perry', to be paid by the Maker thereof; and also an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to explain and amend such Part of the said Act as relates to Cider and Perry made in this Kingdom;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon ail Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; as relates to Cider and Perry made in this Kingdom; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 3d Year of His Majesty’s Reign, as lays a new Duty of Excise on Cider and Perry, to be paid by the Maker thereof; and also an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to explain and amend such Part of the said Act as relates to Cider and Perry made in this Kingdom;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

n-. , r-v- (Sir George Tov.ge,

Idlers for the leas, JMr sJna; *

Tellers for the Noes, j Lamit’

So it passed in the Negative.

J So.

} l5

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and faciliate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arilen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Healing ot Fish and Rabbits;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for applying the same towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, such Colonies and Plantations; was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Warrants for Bounties shall be exempted from Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill* to exempt Proclamations, Forms of Prayer, and certain other Things, from the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt lnllruments for purchasing Lands of the Indians from the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I ioufe, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause to be added to the said Bill, to extend the Jurisdictions by the Act to be established, to the execution of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign relating to the Customs, and to the several dther Acts relating to the Revenues in the Colonies and Plantations.

And a Clause was accordingly offered to be added lo the Bill for that Purpose.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be m^le Part of the Bill.

14 Then

Clandestme Mai ridges.

Fish anti Rabbit Stealing.

Supply Bill; American Sump Dutter.

Cockerittgtoa Indofuie.

Roth well Inclosure.

Alford,

&c.

Road.

Andover,

Sec.

Roads.

Milford

Ac.

Road.

5' Geo. III. 21° — -2a4 173

Then several Axriendmehtt,.Were tnade, Hy the House, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thd Amendments, be ingfofled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 2 2* die Februarii;

Anno 5" ‘ Georgii IIIti! Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

LORD Brownlow Bertie preferited to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Arable Fields, in the Pariflres of North Cockerington and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln: And the feme was received j and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the' Parish of Rothwell, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

cot, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Waller, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Praed, Sir William Maynard, Sir Edmund Mr.

Gore, Nix. Lowndes, Mr. Bofcawen, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Fane, Sir John Cotton, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Parker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bejl, Sir John Gfynne, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Wood, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Dyson, Mr. Walcot, Nix. Montagu, Sir Lord Grey, Sir Edward Boynton, Sir George 'Yenge, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fohn&eau, ’ Mr. Brudenell, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, 'York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clbik, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

through Pet worth, to the Top of bunch on Hill', and from P'etwotth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of

Sussex; Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be , committed to Mr. But* ler* Sir. Thomas Cave, Sir Jarrit , Mr. Winch-cot, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Orwell, Ldrd Gather lough, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Rrude-nett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Lord Strange, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fane, Mr. Rigby, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Wood, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Praed, Mr. Holt, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lane, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bul-ler, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ctiji, Mr. Glover, Sir William Maynard, Sir George Savile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, Kent, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A . Bill for dividing and Inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and , Waste Grounds^ in the Parish of North Kilwbrth,1 In the County of Leicester, was read a Second Tirfte.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Mr 1 Lane, Six Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Orwell,. Nix. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Nix. Fairfax, Mr* Burt, Mr. Maw-bey, Sir- Francis Vincent, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. CMr. Fonnereau, Mr. Clayton,. Mr. Filey, Sir Walter Blackett,. Sir Thomas Palmer,' Sir Jarrit Smith, Nix. Lovett, Mr. Parker, Mr. Leigh, Nix. Hewett, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members wfio serve for the ’Counties of Leicester, Northampton, and Warwick: Apd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

North Kil worth incloimre*

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the York Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to ’the House, ac- City of Yby in the East Riding of Recording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the the County of to Kexby Bridge, in the feme Rid-Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cow- ing; and also frdm Grimflon Smithy aforesaid, ih Two bridge, in the County of Lincoln: And the feme was Branches, the One to a certain Gate in the Road bp-received; and read the First Time. tween 'Kirby Underdale, and Pocklington, at the upper

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. End bf Garraby Hill, in the said Riding, and the other

to and through Elvington, to Bridge, in the

Sir Edward Bayntun presented to the Hdufe, accord- fa'rd Riding; was read a Second Time, ing to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and enlarge Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lane, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of Nix.- Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Mr.

the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Lowndes, Mr. Townshend, Nix. Gore, Lord Burgherjh, widening the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County Lord Orwell, Mr. Wilbraham Boofle, Sir Charles Kemys of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the Tynte, Mr. Dovldefwell, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. be City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Grey, Mr. , Mr. Bejl, Mr. Holt, Nix. Molyneux,

Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening Mr. Sandys, Mr. Maw bey, Mr. Sir

the . Roads from the said Turnpike Road, to Fifty Yotige, Mr. Foley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gray, Sir Edmund Yards beyond the Blaeksmith’s Shop at Littleton, and Isham, Mr. Scud'amore, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mor-from the said Turnpike Road to Mr. Jennen's Well, and daunt, Mr. Fuller, , Mr. Puller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Burrell, to Salter's Lane, at East Chalderton, and from thence to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sulivan; and all the Members who Mullens Pond\ and also a Lane called Applefhaw Lane, serve for the Counties of York, "Durham, Northumberland, leading out of East Chalderton to the Andover Turnpike Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, and Nottingham:

Road: And the feme was received; and read the First Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Time. Clock, in tlfe Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secdnd Time.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte presented tq the House, ac- Crewkerne A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and cording to Order, a Bill for repairing* widening, and Road*, enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Year of the Reign of his late Majesty* for amending, Crewker in the County of Somerset: And the feme widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading was received; and read the First Time, from the Village of Milfotd, in the County of Surrey, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 30. Y y Mr,

174 22° Februarii. A. 1765.

poncaster Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom Indi>sure, Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough and Soke of Doneafter, in the County of York, and of other Persons, being Owners of Lands and other Properties in the several Parishes or Townships of Doneafter, Cantley, Loverfalland Roftington, in the West Riding of the said County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Croft feid, That he knows the several Lands and

' Grounds called Potterick , and Balby Carr,

caster Carr, Carrhouse Carr, High Ellers Carr, Befticar Carr, Loverfall Carr; and also several other low and marihy Grounds, which are no Part of the said Potterick Carr, called Wad Carr, Rojftngton Carr, Holmes Carr, all lying contiguous to Potterick Carr, and lying within the said County; that the said Lands and Grounds are frequently overflowed, and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Owners, if the feme were properly imbanked and drained.

And the Witness added. That if the aforesaid Lands called Balby Carr, Carrhouse Carr, High Ellers Carr, and Befticar Carr, were to be also divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Parties interested, it would be of still greater Advantage to the «several Proprietors.

Then the Agent produced a Letter from Mr. ton, to shew the Practicability of draining the said Lands; where he gives it as his Opinion, that the said Lands and Grounds are capable of being drained and made useful.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Doneafter and Cantley, and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also

several other Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Rojftngton and IVadworth; in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Sir George Savile, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the feme,

AHhallowj Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord-on the Wall ing to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church Church. Qf Allhallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and ' for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of

the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements theredn, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commo-

dious: And the feme was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Tunbridge A Petit ion of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradese and men. Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Ton-Maidstone bridge, Leigh, Penftiurst, and Cowden, in the County of

Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Application has been made for repairing the Roads leading from Tonbridge to Maidstone, in the said County; and setting forth, That the Road leading from Wats Ctofs, in the said Parish of Tonbridge, through the Parishes of Leigh and to Cowden

aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, in most Parts utterly impassable for Wheel Carriages, and, in general, very dangerous to Travellers, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for amending and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall fccra meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exar mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir George Tonge, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Catherlough, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Maw-bey, Mr. Holt, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Strange, Mr. herbert, Mr. Sandys. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dowdef-well, Mr. Wood, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Dyson,

Sir William Maynard, Mr. Burt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, and Southampton; and for the

Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Frde- SheqfieU, holders, residing in or near Great Waltham, Great Dun- * mow, Great Canfield, Barnfton, Little Canfield, Takely, *°®"‘ King's Hatfield, Stanfted Mountfitchet, Birchanger, and Great Hallingbury, in the County of Eft ex, and in or near Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the 12th of King George the First, and the 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Essex-, and that the Road leading from the Turnpike in Little Waltham, in the County of Essex, through Great Waltham, Great Dunmow, and the several other Parishes aforesaid, to the Crown Inn at Hockerill, in the Parish of Bishop Stortford, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Maynard, Mr.

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Holt, Sir George Tonge, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dowdfwell, Mr. Wood,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Downe, Mr. Dcmp-

fter, Mr. Hunt, General Bofcawen, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Lord Orwell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Praed, Mr. Crefwe/l,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Sulivan, Mr.

Hobart, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Verney, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Lord Catherlough, Mr. West, General Honeywood, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Luther, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Burrell, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ryder, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Montagu-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Norfolk,

Suffolk, Hertford, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Appleton to Order, a Bill for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing am* divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the County of Chester: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

APe-

Aflackty

and

Dow(by

Inclosure.

Distressed

Debtors.

Foundling

HofpkaL

Geo. III. 'll? Februarii.175

A Petition of Theophiltis Bnckworth, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and other Proprietors of certain Old inclosed Low Lands, adjoining to the North Side of AJlackby and Dow/by Fen, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner finds, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented by Elizabeth Douglas, Widow, Lady of the Manor of AJlackby aforesaid, and others, for a Bill for the Imbankation and Drainage, Division and Inclosure, of a certain Tract of Common Fen Land, lying within the said Manors and Parishes; and that the Petitioner and others are Proprietors of certain Old Inclosed Low l^ands within the said Parish of AJlackby, containing about aoo Acres, and lying on the North Side of and' adjoining to the said Fen, and which are frequently overflowed, and will be prejudiced by the intended Imbankation and Drainage of the said Common Fen Land, unless the same be included in the said intended Bill: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to include the said Old inclosed Lands, in the said intended Bill, for the Purpose of embanking and draining the fame, together with the said Common Fen Land, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fane, Lord , Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rice, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Wood, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Sulban, Mr. Plummer, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Carysfart, Mr. Parker, Mr. Willy, Sir 'Thomas' Cave, Mr. Praed, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Crefwell, Sir John Barrington, Lord Strange, Lord Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Buller, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Northampton, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the unfortunate Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaols in the County of and also in the Isle of Ely, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr.

Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N® i. An Account of all Monies received and paid, by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Delated Young Children, between the 31st Day of December 1763, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1764, inclusive; with the Balance then remaining;: And also,

N® a. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices, between the 31st Day of December 1763, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1764, inclusive: And also,

Vol. 30.

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, on of before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been returned to their Parents, between the 31st Day of December, 1763, exclusive, and 31st Day of December 1764, inclusive i And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died, between the 31st Day of December 1763, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1764, inclusive: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Number of Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, on or before 25th Day of March 1760, who were living on the 31st Day of December 1764: And selfo,

N° 6. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1765, inclusive: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Number of Children in the several Foundling Hospitals in London, Ackworth, Skrewsbury, Chester, Wejierham, Aylesbury, and;

distinguishing how many are of the Age of Six Years and upwards, and how many are at Nurse.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amonest the other Papers of this Session j and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining the Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, to the 31st Day or 1765, inclusive.

The Number of Children living in the said Hospital, on the said 31st Day of December 1764, is Four thousand Nine hundred and Eleven, the Expence of maintaining whom, at Seven Pounds Ten Shillings each, amounts to Thirty-six thousand Eight hundred Thirty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Note, Besides the above 4$tt Children, there have been taken into the Hospital 166 Children, most of whom were under the most distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whole Parents died in His Majesty’s Service, whereof 7 have been apprenticed, 4 claimed, and 36 dead, so that there are 119 Children now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for out of the private Donations made to this Hospital, and are not, nor ever have been charged to Public Account.

Signed by Order of the General Committee,

Thomas Collingwood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from the Comthiflibners of the Customs in Scotand, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of British-msAz Silks exported, together with the Bounty paid upon the

feme.

Silk

Atotnuft&tare.

17 6 22° — 25 °F1765.

fame, from Christmas .1758 to 1763 distin-

guithing to what Countries the same have' been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, A Aidants, and CommOnalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of in behalf of

themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain,

'is referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SeAion. ’ '1

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Means. rd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider further of Ways and Means for railing t£ie Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mprn- -

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee* ’

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mop*

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee

The other Order of the Day being read;

Clandestine The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Marriages, whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encouragb arid facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or '.Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning

the Validity of certain Marriages fdlemnized since the riiaking the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preferring the Evidence of Pedigrees.

Mr. Speaker left the" Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That . they Had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That - the Report be received upon ’Tuesday Morning next.

fefting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable.Brigg Price, Klquiie, and his llfue, to take and use the Surname, of Fount vine, and to bear the Arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine, Knight, deceased; to which

the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That, Mr. Stephens have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. fyfajkelyne. Royal Astronomer of Greenwich,..do, upon, Monday Morning next, attend the Committee or the whole House, to whom it is referred tq consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea,.and. making Experiments of Prppofefe /of discovering the Longitude* is committed.

Ordered, That tjhe Reverend Mr. Hotnfby, Savifyan Professor of Autonomy in Oxford, do at^id the.,said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Sheph^rd, Pfunftfin Professor of Mathematics in Cambridge, - do t attend the said Committee, at the fame-Time.

Ordered, That: Captain J

said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Doctor Bevi attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jtimes o aftend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George o attend the said

Committee, at the feme Tirue.

Ordered, That Mr. C. Meres do attend- the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Dewytr Ao attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lauder do attend the said Committee, at' the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr . Robert attend the . feid

Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles New land do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Horseley do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gael Morris do attend the said Comriiittee, at the' same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Priee’s

Name.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Chippenham,

tec

Small Debts.

Westcote

Inclosure.

Fuhrer’s (and another’*)

Nat.

Wllfon’s

Mate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pechell: 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common 'Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Tytiring of Westcote, in the Parish of Waddef-don, in the County of Bucks, without any Apjendrhent: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer and Rene without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Ann WHfon, Widow, and Ann Wilson, her Daughter, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances, af-

Lutue, 2 5* die\

Anno 5* Georgii IJTU Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

(ORDERED, That Mr. John Ibbetson, Secretary to the . Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, do this Day attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for difcpvering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Propo-fels for discovering the Longitude; and bring with him the Minutes of the Proceedings, and all other Books and Papers of the said Commissioners, now in his Custody.

Ordered, That Mr. James Stephens do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Mr.

Discovery

of the Longitude.

5 III.

Barton Mr. hVhichcotpresented to the Mouse, according to Woterfirfc' Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from °K(wdC" Barton WaterJide House, to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and several other Roads, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Emload Mr. Dowdeswell presented to the House, according to

Indufure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari 111 of Emload, in the county of :

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bretferton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and lucMurc. Grounds lying in the Parish of Bretferton, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. defwe/l, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Ward, Sir William Maynard, Sir William Meredith, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Harbord, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hutchins, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Clive, Mr. Fitz-maurice, Mr. Glover, Sir Charles Lord Strange,

Mr. Kyttaston, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

braham Bootle, Mr. Cust, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sandvs, Mr. Wood, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Parker, Lord Grey, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edmovftone, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Boone-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, Salop, Stafford, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Welford The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to *° whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, ^oadsf* wh°k Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Places and Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joshua Ringrofe, being examined, said, That the Roads mentioned in the Petition, from Welford, in the County of Northampton, to the Borough of are narrow

in some Places, and, in general, in so ruinous a Condition, as to be impassable for Carriages in the Winter Season; and that the same cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Mr. Benjamin Briggs confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That in case the said Roads were repaired, great Quantities of Corn would be carried from Welford, and that Neighbourhood, to the Town of

cester, and Parts adjacent, which do not grow enough for their own Consumption; and great Quantities of Coal and Lime, which are plentiful there, would be brought to Welford, and its Neighbourhood, where they are much wanted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands Bofworth and Great Wigston, to Milfoil Lane, in the Town of: And that the Lord

Grey and Mr. Willoughby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bf*ycot A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

Indoiure. mon Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Dray-cot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Walter, Sir George Vol. 30. '

‘77

Mr. Henniker, Sir Walter Blachet, Mr. Sttlivan, Mr.

West, Sir Jarrii Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Raftileigh, Mr. Sir George Montgomery Metham, Sir William Maynard, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Boulton, Mr. SattdysMr. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prat, Mr. Holt, Mr. Mr. Grey,

Mr. Edmonftoue, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Seymour, Mr. De

Grey, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Mr. Parker,

Lord Carysfort, Lord Howe, Mr. Glover, Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Eon-ester. Lord Grey, Mr. Clive, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Ridley, Lord Sir William Meredith, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Plump-ire; and ali the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Wore eft er, Gloucester, Salop, Stafford, and Ox-surd: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl of Thomond reported from the Committee, Taunton to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Road*, ting in execution an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. John Furnivalsaid. That the Sum of f. 7000 had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and remains due; which Sum cannot be repaid, and the Roads be effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the Act are enlarged and altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And that the Earl of Thomond', Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sulivan, and the Lord Farnham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Com- Rvetinghaw mons or Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, ‘"cloture, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for obliging Persons borrowing Money to keep down the Interest.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting the Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Metham do carry 'the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, Olerne to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Reftary. An Act for annexing the Rectory of Coleme, in the County of Wilts, to the Office of Warden of the College of Saint Mary of Wine heft er, in Oxford, was committed, That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BUI, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the

Z z Bill

25® Februarii.

178

25° Februarii. A. 1765.

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ellerktr

loelotare.

Seaming Sir Roger Newdigate presented to the House, accord-Inclosure. |ng to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Scorning Common, and the Greens, called Pound Green, Popes Green, and Betts Green, lying within the several Manors of Seaming Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern Hall, Seaming Guntons and Rougholme,

on the Part of Hoe, or fume One of them, and in the Parish of Seaming, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shenfield, Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, Road*< 'v^om t,ie of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Freeholders redding in or near Great Waltham, Great Duttmow, Great Canfield, Barnflon, Little Canfield, Take-ley, Kings Hatfield, Stanfted Momtfitchet, and

Great Hallingbury, in the County of and in or

near Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate in Little Waltham, through Great Waltham, Great Dmmow, and the several other Parishes described in the Petition, to the Crown Inn in Hockerill, in the County of Hertford, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Method prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of EJJ'ex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike in Little Waltham, through the Parishes of Great Waltham, Great Dunmow, Great Canfield, Barnflon, Little Canfield, Takeley, Kings Hatfield, Stanfied Mountfitchet, Birehanger, and Great Hallingbury, in the said County of Essex, to the Crown Inn in Hockerill, in the County of Hertford.

Dunham An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Fe?r»&c* Road from Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great Road‘ Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do cany’ the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henniker reported from the Committee, to whom Ramsgate the Petition of the Trustees for enlarging and main- Harbour, taining the Harbour of Ramsgate, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of Parliament, nude in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging and maintaining the said Harbour, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich, was read; and it appeared to your Committee, that the Trustees thereby appointed were impowered to settle and impose several Rates and Duties upon Shipping, which are subject to the Payment of any Sum to be borrowed by the said Trustees, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, with Interest for the feme; and they were also impowered to grant Annuities for Lives, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Seventy Thousand Pounds, and that such Annuities should not exceed Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds, and the said Annuities are directed to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties, with this Restriction, that the Trustees should not subject the same to the Payment of any greater Sum than Fifty thousand Pounds, at any One Time, upon Annuities for Lives.

Then John Baker, Esquire, a Trustee for the Care of the said Harbour, feid. That the Trustees had, puf-suant to the Powers of the said Act, imposed Three Pence per Ton on all Shipping under Three hundred Tons Burthen, and One Penny per Ton on all Shipping above Three hundred Tons Burthen, the Amount whereof Communibus Annis, has been Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, or thereabouts.

That in carrying on the necessary Works of the said Harbour, the Trustees have expended Eighty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, and the Annuities charged on the said Rates and Duties amount to Forty-six thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence.

And the Witness added. That the Money raised by virtue of the said Act, is not sufficient to complete the Works necessary to be done to the said Harbour, but he apprehends, about Twenty thousand Pounds more will complete the same, and he thinks the present Duties will be sufficient to pay Annuities for Twenty thousand Pounds more than are at present granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge certain Powers, granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich: And that Mr. Henniker and Mr. Tucker do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Biondeau’i An ingrossed Bill to enable William Nevill Blondeau, Name. Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hart, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable William Nevill Blondeau, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname Of Hart.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

15

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Benton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open hiclosure. and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the ra-rish of Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord

Fenton

Inclosure*

Simpson

Inclosure.

Newton

Inclosure*

Bransion

Inclosure.

Soncaikr

Inclosure,

See.

Metcalfe*

Name.

5 Geo. III. 25° Februarii.

179

Lord. Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, and a certain free Common, called The Eafi Moor, in the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, a Commonable Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bucks: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County,. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Monson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Staunton, Colonel Hobart, Sir George Lord

Robert Bertie, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Harbcrd, Sir John Glyrne, Mr. Buller, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Rpger Newdigate, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Cuji, Mr.

Plummer, Mr. Wilbraham Bo, Sir William Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. Holt, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Lord Strange, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Town-field, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rufhout, Lord Coleraine; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ham Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear*

the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lafcellet,

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cuji, Sir Wil-

liam Baker, Sir William Meredith, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Holt, Mr. Tudway, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whichcot,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Ward, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Dowdeswell, Lord Strange, Mr. Burrell, Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Aufrere, Mr. Bacon, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Darner,

Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Prat, Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Townshend, Lord Grey, Mr. Glover, Sir Charles Hardyand all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according Kirkhamtner-to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing several ton Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Kirkhammer- Lclolure. ton, in the Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sibthorpe presented to the House, according to I'rft[or<1 Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Open Com- c 0 u,e* mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetfin the County of Lincoln: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Closes, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Branflon, in the County of the City of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Parker, Mr. Hobart, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Monson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Prat, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cuji, Lord Strange, Lord Harry Powlet. Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Best, Mr. Stephens, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Sandys, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Colonel Hotham, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir George Savile, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bull, Mr. Fuller, Mr. De Grey, Sir William Meredith, Lord Coleraine, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Long, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bagot, Sir Roger Newdigate -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Doncaster and Cant-ley } and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Roffington and Wadworth, in the West Riding

of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Marwood, Esquire, lately called Wil- Vqi». 30.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Birftall Sign of the Coach and Horses, in Birftall, to the Turnpike to Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane, to the Town Huddersfield of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of °* ' York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Burrell, Mr.* , Sir George Yonge, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Montgomery Metham,

Mr. Cufi, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Barrow, Lord worth, Mr. Gray, Sir William Meredith, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. JLw.trell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ofbaldefion, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Grey, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Rigby, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Foley, Mr. Befi, Mr. Bacon and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Northumberland, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing, widening, and keep- Great ing in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Tor- Torrington rington, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Roads’ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of fp PennTn* much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign Road, of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Work-

house

Hurst

Green,

be.

Road.

Banbury,

&c.

RoaJ.

Loes

and

Wiltord

.Poor.

180 250 Februarii. A. 1765.

house at the East End of the Town of Horn ton, in the County of Devon; and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place called and also

several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid i and for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchment on Ajkerfwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to minster; and also, for amending the Road from the North End of South Street to Bridport Harbour; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir George Yonge, Sir Walter B/acket, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Harry Powlet. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Mr. Long, Mr. Townshend, Sir Robert Long, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Sir John Glynne, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Butler, Mr. son, Mr. Harbord, Sir IVtUiam Beauchamp Proflor, Sir George Savile, Mr. Milles, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sexmour, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Dowdef-tvell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Barre, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Plummer, Mr- Ridley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through and

Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of in

the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, and Leicester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Roads and Places therein after mentioned, on the behalf of themselves and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Henry Bagfhaw and David Prowth, being severally examined, said. That the Roads described in the Petition are ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, almost impailable; that the Statute Work has been done, and an additional Levy of Six Pence in the Pound applied towards the Repairs of some of them, and has been found ineffectual; and that the said Roads are narrow in many Places, and cannot be properly widened and repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Bridge at the East End of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottefbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of

And that the Lord North and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bull, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Boone, Sir Charles Mordaimt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Long, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ward, Mr. Cust, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Lord 20

Coleraine, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Dr Ax, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir William Meredith, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Dowdeswed, Lord Verney, M r. Brudenell, 'Sin Wal-

ter Blacket, Mr. Molyneux, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Blackstone, Sir John Glynne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, Essex,&nd Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Homton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common rafture', Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Hornton, in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County erf" Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey be added to the Genlle-mcn, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport to Saxons Lane End, in the County of Chester; and from the Cross, in Ashton under Line, in the County of Lancaster, to Doblor's Lane Head, in the county of ; and

allb the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road, in the Township of Bredbury, to Motram in the said County of Chester.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, uling the Coal Tiade, residing in North and South Shields, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Ships employed in that Trade, upon their Arrival in the Port of Shields, are obliged to throw their Ba.last upon Quays; and the unavoidable Wade which attends the Conveyance thereof, is of great Prejudice to the Navigation of the said Liver, and hath, as the Petitioners apprehend, been the Cauie of several Nuisances; and, as the Petitioners believe that the Conservators of the River of Tyne have received several thousand Pounds a Year for the Purpose of cleansing and keeping the said River navigable, which does not appear to the Petitioners to have been applied lor that Purpose, and in regard that the Navigation of the said River may be still further injured, unless some Remedy is immediately applied: Therefore praying the House will inquire what Sums of Money have been collected by the Conservators of the said River, for the Purpose aforesaid, and how the same have been applied; and that the said Conservators may be obliged to cleanle the said River forthwith, and to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as may be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, in the room of the honourable William Richard Chetwynd, deceased.

A Petition of John Harrison, of Red Lion Square, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Queen Square, London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is the Inventor of a Timekeeper, as a Method for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea; and that the Petitioner, by Orders of the Commissioners of Longitude, has Twice lent his Time-keeper on Trial to the West Indies; and that, on the 9th of this Instant February, the said Commissioners did resolve and

signified

Hotter

t%4

Horutut

Inclosure.

Stockport,

&c.

Roads,

Tyne Rirer.

Stifford

Writ.

Discoeery of the Longitude.

5 Geo.HL 'i50- — 26° Februarii. 181

signified to the Petitioner, that his said Time-keeper had kept Time, and thereby determined the Longitude between Pori[mouthand Ba considerably within the

nearest Limits required by the Act of the 12th of Queen Anne; and that the said Commissioners have not as yet granted to the Petitioner a Certificate to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, as directed by the said Act, without which Certificate the Petitioner cannot receive the Reward he humbly conceives he is entitled to by the said Act; that, as the said Commissioners, in their Re-, solutions communicated to the Petitioner, mention their Opinion that Application should be made to Parliament, in regard to what relates to the Petitioner: Therefore praying the House tq take his same into Consideration, and give the Petitioner tuch Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Tai-d Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude.

Discovery Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to oft he desire that their Lordships will give Leave to the Earl

o»g*nj e- of Morton, to come to a Committee of the House of Commons, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude; in order to be examined at that Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the said Message.

East ItxKa Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Company; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon qua ideation Bill for the regulating Qualifications of the Proprie-Prepiieton. tors of the East India Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for pleading the General Issue, and giving the Special Matter in Evidence, in Actions brought for any Thing done in pursuance of any Act of Parliament or Charter relating to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Discovery The Lord Barrington reported, that he had, according of the to Order, been at the Lords to desire that their Lordships Longitude, will give Leave to the Earl of Morton to come to a Committee of the House of Commons, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude; and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. Roote, Accompt-British ant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at Fishery. the j)cor . jie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31 December 1763 to 31 December 1764.

And-then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Discovery . Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Longitude. VoL. 30.

to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for difebvering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude, be now read.

And tji'e said Order being read accordingly;

A Mbtion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " at Twelve of the " Clock," in order to insert after the Word " "

the Word " Morning."

And the Question being put. That the Words " at " Twelve of the Clock" Rand Part of said Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That the-several Persons who were ordered t-o attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mem- A$s relating

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *0 House, to consider of the several Acts, made in the 26th, Highway*. a8th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, au<' Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 26® die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Moore, Esquire, on the be- Wadworth half of his Son, Francis Ferrand a Mi- Inclosur*

nor, under the Age of 21 Years, Lord of the Manor of IVadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, and an Owner of considerably more than One-third Part of the Open Arable Fields, and Undivided Inclosures, in the Parish of IVadworth aforesaid, and also a Proprietor of several ancient Me Ullages and Cottages, and largely interested in the Obmmons and Waste, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioner is informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes; that, although the Petitioner’s Son, the said Francis Ferrand , has

so considerable an Interest and Property in the Lands-so intended to be indofed, neither his Consent or Concurrence, nor that of the Petitioner on his behalf, hath been obtained in any of the Measures or Proceedings

3 A relating

2 69Februarii. . 1765.

Crew kerne Roads.

Shrewsbury

to

Bridgnorth

Road.

relating to the said inclosure; but the same have been near or adjoining the reto: And that Mr. Kynaston, Lord conduced contrary to their Approbation; and the and Mr. do prepare, and bring

whole Plan thereof is framed in such a Manner, as, the in, the fame.

Petitioner apprehends, will be highly prejudicial to the

Estate, Rights, and Interest of his laid Son: And there- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fore, for and on the Behalf of his said Son, the Petitioner for veiling the settled Estates of , Widow, and

prays, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and Ann Wilson her Daughter, an Infant, in Trullees, to be that he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said fold, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances af- Bill. fefting the fante, was read the FirllTime.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the YVelt Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner, be then heard, by his Counsel, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Waller, Mr. ldewett, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Byde, Mr. Praed, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Booth, Mr. Foley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Long, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Cocks, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hayes, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fennereau, Sir Robert Long, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Lord Charles Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trullees for putting in execution an Act of Parliament, palfed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Greff age, Harley, Much by

Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgnorth, in

the County of Salop, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read.

And Mr. William Church Nor cop produced to your Committee the original Book of the Trullees for repairing the said Roads, from which it appears, that a considerable Sum of Money is now owing upon the Credit of the said Act; and he said, he apprehended that Debt could not be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Tolls granted by the said Act were increased, and the Term of the Act continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

And the Witness added, That the several new additional Roads described in the said Petition, are most of them ruinous, and, in many Places, narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, ‘made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Crefj’age, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and for amending several other Roads

*7

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to So-ham-, and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouse, at or near a Place called Strclham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge-, and for repairing and widening and making several other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Cave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in die County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line, to HaJJbp; and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton-, and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burflcm, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike at Shelton, in the County of And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields and Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waile Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashfordand Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freie-derick Montagu, Mr, Tozvujhend, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Edward Bayntun, Lord Charles tagu, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Smith, Mr.

Teuchet, Mr. Bagot, Mr. -Gilbert, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Way, Mr. Provefe, Lord John Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. 0 eg ley, Mr. He wet t. Lord Carysfort, Mr. Eyre, Mr. -Grey, Sir Richard Mill, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord Midleton, Lord Frederick Mr. Milles, Mr. Penton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Hume, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lowndes-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, York, and LAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Twywell, in the County of Northampton, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frede-derick Montagu, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Verney, Mr. Blackficne, Lord Grey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Long, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Prowse, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Coventry, Lord lington, Sir RogerNewdigate, Mr. Dvfon, Mr. Paterfcr,

Mr.

Wi iTon’s E [late?.

Cambridge

Road*

Burton

O vrery luciofure.

Newcafrle under Lins: Road.

Aihford

and

Sheldon

inclosure.

Twywell

inclosure.

Cockerington

Inciosure.

Alford,

«a.'C.

Road.

Pftrn Tnn Road.

5 Geo. III. 26°Februarii.

183

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Mr. Sir

Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Edmonfione, Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Glover, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. GroJ'venor, Mr. FitMr. Saint John,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hume, Mr. Plummer, Mr.

Fortnereau, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hervey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln. York, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Arable Fields in the Parishes of North Cockerington and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Verney, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Ward, Lord Grey, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Long, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hume, Mr. Monson, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Montgomery Met ham. Sir John Turner, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Buller, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Town-Jkend, Mr. Hervey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Northampton, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hume,. Mr. Monfun, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Turner, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Kir. Sibthorpe, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bootle, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Eyre, Mr. , Mr. Gore, Lord

Burgheifh, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Long, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Foitnereav, Mr. Buller, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Fork, Northampton, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sp. aker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between Bridport and Beamifterin the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Roads mentioned in the said Petition and that the Petitioners, in order to secure the Payment of the Tolls, have cauled Two Gates to be erected at the following Places, one in the Parish of Bradpole, called Pig Lane Gate, and the other in or near the Town of Beamifter, called Clamget Gate; but, such Gates being a small Distance from the Turnpike Road, Doubts have arisen, whether the Petitioners are sufficiently authorized, in case of Refusal, to conjpel the Payment of the said Tolls at these Gates, which, if they are not authorized to do, the Purposes of the said Act may be totally defeated: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration. and that Frovision may be made, in the said Bill, to authorize them to continue the said Gates, and to ered new ones, w'hen necessary, at the Places aforesaid, and to Yen.. 30.

take and receive such Tolls thereat, as are directed to be taken and received at any of the Gates erected within the said District of Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Covetitry, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Verney, Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Mr. Ward, Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Edmonfione, Sir Charles Mr.

Dowdeswell, Mr. Darner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hewett, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Garth, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Befl, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Way, Mr Lord Orwell,

Mr. Grofuenor, Doctor Hay, Lord Catherlougk, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prat, Mr. Clayton, M-. Grey, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. Long, Mr.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Molyneux, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerf Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freehold- Mnckley ers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town Comer, and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester-, and &c-

also the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other In* Roa<*‘ habitants, of the Parish of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have very lately been informed of the Petition for a Bill to amend and widen the Roads, from Muckley Corner, in the said County of Stafford, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading to the City of Litchfield, over OgleyHay, and other Roads therein mentioned; and further setting forth. That the Road leading from Horsley Heath, to Puppy Green, to the Upper End of Tipton Green, and the Upper End.of Chamber's Lane, and from Puppy Green aforesaid, to the Upper End of Parke Lane, in the Parish of Tipton aforesaid, are become very ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Gourse of Law: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to add the said Road to the said Bill, in such Manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thi Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Capital Burgesses, of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield, and of Waif all aforesaid, and Places adjacent, whole Names are theieunto subscribed, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbrid Tonbridge to Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was read and , a Second Time. Maidffone

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit- Rga<1-worth, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas Cave, 1 ord Verney, Mr.

Burrard, Mr. Eyre, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Long,

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Sm:th, Sir Rickard Mill, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Mr. Wal-

cott, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Way, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Edmtmftone, Mr. Mawbey, Sir George Mr. Wal-

ter, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clayton, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Meyrick,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bagot, Lord Grey, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Middlesex, Surrey, and Suffix-, ted for tfce Cinque Ports.:

Angle fey Read*.

Wellingbo-

rough

inclosure.

Wallingford

and

Farringdon

Road.

184 2 6° Februarii. A. 1765.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the found the same to be true; and that the Committee had Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

County of Angle fey, was read the Third Time. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

Refolded, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed ftnglefey. to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the

Ordered, That Mr. Meyrick do carry the Bill to the House, to the Bill.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Copyholders,

Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Houses, within the A Messagefrom the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Town of Wellingborough, \n the County of Northampton, Montagu:

and the Manors of Wellingborough, and of Wellingborough Mr. Speaker,

formerly belonging to the College of Irthlinborough, in The Lords have given Leave to the Earl of , Discovery

the Parish of Wellingborough, whole Names are there- to go to a Cotaimittee of the House of Commons, to

unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many poor whom it is referred to consider of the several Acb re* ong, IU c<

Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the lating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for dicovering

find, by the Votes, an Application hath been made, the Longitude; in order to be examined at the said Cotn-

for a Bill for dividing and inclosiftg the Common mittee; as desired by the House of Commons; if his Lord-

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- ship thinks fit.

mon Grounds, and Wide Grounds, of and in the said And then the Messengers withdrew.

Manors and Parish; and representing to the House,

that the Inhabitants of the said Town of Wellingborough A Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, Mullen’* are very numerous, and many thereof are Owners and of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Pond, Occupiers of small Estates within the said Town and present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Manors, and have a Right of Common of Pasture for from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to their Cows, Sheep, and other Cattle, in and upon the the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of and

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds, which are several other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and proposed to be divided and inclosed; and that, if the also for repairing and widening the Roads from the said laid Bill should pass into a Law, it will be of the ut- Turnpike Road, to fifty Yards beyond the Blacksmith's tnoft Prejudice to many of the Petitioners, and to Num- Shop, at and from the find Turnpike Road, to

bers of the poor People and Labourers within the said Mr. Well, and to Salters Lane, at Chalderton,

Town; and that several of the Petitioners and Inhabi- and from thence to Mullens Pond-, and also a Lane called

tants of the said Town have suffered so much from Applefha leading out of to the

the great Losses and Damages, which they have fuf- dover Turnpike Road, was read a Second Time.

tained by Fire and other Accidents in the said Town, that Ref That the Bill be committed, to Sir -

they have already been under a Necessity to mortgage ward Bayntun, Mr. Harris, Mr. Prowse, Mr. John

their Estates, and to involve themselves otherwise in Richmond Webb, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr.

Debt; and that the inclosing of the said Fields, Mea- Long, Mr. Lane, Sir Kemys Tyute, Lord -

dows, Pastures, and Grounds, will not only deprive fort, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Beauclerk, Mr. Shiftier, them of a Right of Common there, as appurtenant to, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. their respective Estates, but will be so very expen five, Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Parker, Sir Roger Newdi-that it will almost, if not altogether, bring many of the gate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dempster, Sir William Petitioners, and poor Inhabitants of the said Town, to Meredith, Lord Mr. Mr. Mott-

utter Ruin, who at present gain a small but comfortable tagu, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Townshend, Mr. , Mr.

Subsistence, by their Labour, for themselves and Fami- Fuller, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Thomond, Lord Frederick lies, and will tend greatly to the Prejudice of the said Campbell, Mr. Way, Mr. Hatton, Mr. Clayton, Sir 77-Town, and to the increase of the Poor: And therefore Ham Beauchamp Mr. Thyme, Mr. Lynch-, and

praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun- all the Members who serve for the Counties of lei, against the said Bill, and that the same may not be Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton And they are to meet passed into a Law. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Chamber.

Table. Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Blackstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, Warminner the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freehold- Roadk. Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from ers, and others. Inhabitants of the Counties of Wilts Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and and Somerset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; from thence to Farringdon-, and also from Wantage to and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose

ldson, in the said County; so far as the same relate to Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and carrying into execution, or Creditors under the Secu-from thence to Farringdon-, and for discontinuing the rityof, an Act, passed in the First Year of His present said Term and Powers, so far as the same relate to the Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening,

Road leading from Wantage to ldson; and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield ton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Hedge,

Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the Turn-Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commence- pike Road at the West End of and also the

ment of the said Turnpike Road, leading from Wal- Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone lingford to Wantage-,was committed; That the Com- Hill, in the Parish of to the Milestone, at

mittee -bid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and the Western End of Street, in the County of

a 6° Felru

5 Geo. III.

Wills; and also an Act, passed in the Second Year of And it also appeared by an Entry in the said Minute Warminster

His present Majesty’s Reign, to amend and render more' Book, that an Order was made at a Meeting of the

effectual the said first-mentioned Act; was referred; Trustees for removing the Heytesbury Gate, as soon as

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the Road should be made payable to Cotjord.

the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the And he further said, That there has been lad out in

lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he repairing that Part of the Road which lies in

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Sum of £. 244 13$. id. that if the Gate is takeh

it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; away the Creditors will be prejudiced, the Tolls lessened

and is as followeth; viz. £.50 a Year, and it will be Very difficult to borrow any

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Pe- more Money, tition, several Acts for repairing the Roads leading In answer to which, Mr. produced a Letter

from the Town of Warminster, and also the said Act of from his Father, who is now a Creditor upon the the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, bury Ad, empowering him to declare to the Committee, were read. that if the Heytesbury Gate is removed, he will lend

Then Mr. Thomas Everett said. That the Trustees the further Sum of £.1000 upon the Credit of that for the Care of the last mentioned Roads have, by Ad.

virtue of the said Act, erected a Turnpike within the Then Mr. William Surveyor, being examined.

Borough of Heytesbury, and that all Persons travel- said. That some Part of Heytesbury Street is but in ling between Warminster and Amejbvry are obliged to very ordinary Repair; that he knows all the Roads

pay a Toll for only travelling through the said Borough, mentioned in the Petition; that the Road between being about Three Quarters of a Mile, and that he Salisbury and Heytesbury is very bad; that some Parts has often heard the Inhabitants of the said Borough, there are almost impalfable, and that the £.2,000 now

and other Persons who are obliged to travel the said remaining to be borrowed is full little to complete the

Road in going to Warminster Market, say, they thought Repairs of the said Roads.

it a great Hardship; and that if the said Gate was re- And being asked the Question, he said, That they moved and placed where the Road divides which leads cannot get above half the Statute Work performed on to Salisbury, it would be a great Benefit to all such the said Roads.

Travellers, and that Applications have been made to And he further said, That if a Gate was placed at the

remove the Gate, and Meetings bad in consequence of Directio Post where the Roads divide, instead of that such Applications. now at Heytesbury, the Toll at the Salisbury Gate may

Mr. John Majkelynt confirmed the aforegoing Evi- be evaded, unless the Trustees to the Salisbury Road

dence, as to the Hardship of Persons paying Toll at are empowered to ered Side Gates at certain Places,

the Heytesbury Gate, who do not make use of any other Mr. William Lacey confirmed the Evidence given Part of the Salisbury Road; and added, that he thought by Mr. Sabine, with relped to the evading of the

the Salisbury Trust would be no great Losers by re- Toll at the Salisbury Gate, but said, that those Ways moving the Gate, as One Collector would be sufficient being Ways of Sufferance may be (topped, to collect the Tolls upon both the Salisbury and Ames- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, bury Roads; and that then Travellers could not evade to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the Tolls at that Gate, which they can now do at the Two Acts, of the Thirteenth of George the First, and of Gate in Heytesbury. the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several

That if so. much of the said Act of the First of His Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the

Srelent Majesty, as relates to the Road within the County of Wilts; and for amending several other Roads, orough of Heytesbury, was repealed, and that Road near or adjoining thereto, is committed; that they have put under the Direction of the Trustees for the Care Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repealing of the Warminster Road, and so much of the Road as so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the

lies between the Direction Post, and the Top of Anftrow Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

Hill, now under the Care of the Warminster Trustees, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road was to be put under the Direction of the Trustees for leading from Fisherton , to the Turnpike Road at

the Care of the Ames bury Road; the Witness appre- Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton hends it would be a more proper Division of the Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of

Roads than is now directed by the said Acts, and Heytesbury, and also ithe Road from the Turnpike Road

would be of public Utility and Convenience. at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of,

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-men- to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fi/herton tioned Petition, the said Act of the First Year of His Street, in the county of ; as relates to the Road present Majesty’s Reign was again read, by which it from the Unicorn, at the East End of the Town of appears, that the Trustees thereby appointed are autho- Heytesbury, to the Turnpike Road at the West End rized to ered or cause to be erected One or more Turn- of the Town of Heytesbury, leading to:

pike or Turnpikes upon any Part of the Roads therein and also for making a Recompense to the Trustees

directed to be repaired, except as therein is excepted; appointed to put the said Act in execution, in confide-and also to borrow the Sum of £. 10,000 upon the ration of the Expences incurred by them in making Credit of the Tolls arising at any such Gates for the and amending the said Road within the Borough of

Purpose of repairing the said Road6. Heytesbury, and in lieu of the Tolls collected there;

And Mr. James Still, Clerk to the Trustees, pro- and to direct by whom the said Road shall be repaired duced to your Committee the Minute Book of the for the future.

Proceedings of the Trustees, whereby it appears that Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit-the Sum of £.8,000 has been borrowed on the Credit tee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and en-of the said Act; and the Witness informed your Com- large the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Second Year mittee, that the Repairs of the said Roads cannot be of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and perfeded without borrowing the further Sum of £.2,000. widening the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County That the Annual Income of the Tolls upon of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the the said Roads amounts, upon an Average, to the City of and several other Roads in the said

Sum of - - - £-756 16 o Ad mentioned; and also for repairing and widening the

And the Disbursements to - - 663 16 o Roads from the said Turnpike Road, to Fifty Yards

Remains the Sum of - - - 93 o o beyond the Blacksmith’s Shop at Littleton, and from the

a "Year to pay off the Principal, and keep the said Road said Turnpike Road to Mr. Jennen's Well, and to Sal* in Repair. ters Lane, at East and from thence to Mul-

Vol. 30. 3 B

z6a Februa

Tribe’s

Name*

St. George,

Bloomsbury

Regional

Estate.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Estates of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

186

lent Pond; and aWo a called Applefttaw Lane, lead* ing out uf Raft Chaldertojt, to the Andover Turnpike' Road, is committed; that they have Power to rxiake Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road lading from the Top of Anfirow to the DtreSion , at the Junction of the Roads leading from Amesbury and Salisbury, towards Heyt.tibur.y and fox' allowing the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted, by an Act, made in fins Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Warmiitfter, in the County of Wilts; a competent Sum of Money, Part of the Money to be by them paid to the Trustees, who have now the Care of the Road lying within the Borough of Heytesbwy.

Mr. Best reported from the Committee, to whom, the Bill' to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth LudweH, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Rill to jthe House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bin be ingfofled.

A Bill for Sale of certain Lands, in the County of Rent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money arising thereby in manner therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector, was read % Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heweti, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Harris, Mr. HttJJey, Mr. Jack-/on, Mr. Mawbey, M.r. Onslow, Mr. Mr. John

Richmond, Webb, Mr. Wood, Mr- Wedderbum, Mr. Grey, Mr. Lane, Lord Carysf Lord Mr.

iValter, Mr. Earns, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Walter, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Walcott, Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hnm, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Towtishend, Mr. Nugent, Mr- Fanned reau, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Btdler, Sir Roger New-djgate. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Thomas Palmer-, and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Kent, Middlesex, and ' And they are tp meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Green dp, Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to qonfider. further of the several Act.s relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments? of Propofols for difoovering the Longitude.

The Order, of the Day being read, for the House to-resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole Hpufe, upon the BUI to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under certain Restrictions therein to be limited)

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fold Committee, that they hare Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, or Corporations, being, merely Trustees for other Persons, to convey the Estates so held in Trust, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker.resumed the"Chair. '

1765*

Mr. KyHafion reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pteafe to receive the' ~" fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynaston accordingly reported from the foidt Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill: and which they had directed him; to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the foid-;

Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fbf* ficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Westminster a Committee of the whole Hdufe, upon the Bill for p*virg; the better enabling the Commissionen for putting in Street Tot execution the several Act? paftfd for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields;Saint George ike Martyr, Saint George, Bloomfbmry, that Part of the Parish of Saint

Andrews, Ho/bourn, which lies in the County of MtdcUe-

sex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lantafter which lies in thu*

County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; t» execute the Trusts vested in them by the fold A ft*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-, meats thereunto; which they had directed him to repoet, wfien the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Fiday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom*: arHj

ing next, iieiblve itself into a Committee of the whole Rabbk House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing; Stealing, the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ctandestine whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, pal* Marriages, fed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late- Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of eland dime Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the fold Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees; was committed; be received upon Friday neat, at Twelve of the Clock*

And then the House adjourned till To-marrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Wrotham

to

Godstone

Road.

Tyne

Jlirer.

Ditto.

5 Geo. III. 21 Febrwrii

Mercurttf 27* die }

Anno 5* Georgii III*U Regis, 1765,.

PfcAYERS.

ABIL L for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of to the

Turnpike Road leading from to in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sackville, Colonel Irwin, Mr. y Mr. Brand,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Prat, Mr. Parker, Lord Frederick Campbell. Mr. Fofter, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Beminck, Lord Mr. Rajhleigh,

Mr. Scneant Hewitt, Mr. Mr.

Lord Howe, Lord Carysfort» Lord Catherlough, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Dyson, Sir Richard Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Walter Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Wtdderburn, Sir John Mr. Town-

Jhend, Mr. Holt, Mr. Long, Sir Robert Long, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. BrudeneH, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Sir Roger Nciv digate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey,

and Kent-, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Owners and Matters of Ships, belonging to the Port of upon

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition of Owners and Matters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and , hath been presented to the House, praying Relief against the present Method of unloading Ballast from the Ships in the Harbour of Shields, and River of Tyne-, and al-R»ngv that the Petitioners conceive the prohibiting'of Ballast to be unloaded from Ships in the Port or Harbour of Shields, otherwise than to be call upon the dry Land, where the Tide or Water never flows or runs, is of gjeat Consequence towards the Preservation, of the said Harbour, and the Navigation.of the River Tyne-, and therefore the Petitioners cannot but be alarmed at any Attempt to introduce a new Method of tinloading Ballast, in the said Port or River: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and not make any Alteration in die Laws now in force, so as to permit Ballast to be unloaded from Ships or Vessels in the Port of Shields, or River of Tyne, otherwise than to be call upon the dry Land.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That all Ships of great Burt lien trading to the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, are under a Necessity of anchoring at Sea, and-df taking in their Loading at a great Distance from the Harbotlr; and, in bad Weather, such Ships age often driven from their Anchors; and, iq such Cases, the Port and Harbour of Shields is the only Port to the Northward to which Ships can make for Safety; and are therefore greatly interested in having the Port and Harbour of Shields preserved free and open; and that the particular Situation of the Entrance into the Habour of is

Rich, that it might be of the most fatal Consequence to the said Port and Harbour if Ballast was permitted to be unloaded from Ships in the said Harbour, not to be call on the dry Land, where the Tide or Water never Bows or runs; and also taking Notice of the said Petition df Owners and Mailers of Ships employed is the Coal Trade between London and Shields; and alleging, that the Petitioners are apprehensive, that an Attempt is intended to be made to introduce some Method of un-Vo is,30.

loading Ballast in the said Port of Shields, different from . catting the Cun© upon the dry Land, andi that thereby the Port of Shields may be in Danger of being totally blocked up: And therefore praying the; House, to take, the Premises into Confident ion, and not make any Alteration in the Laws now in being; so as to permit Ballast to be unloaded out of Ships or Vessels in the said Port Of Harbour of Shields, otherwise than to be call upon the dry Ladd, where the Tide or Water never flows or runs.

And the said Petitions were f severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between 4nd Shields, is referred.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Hempfl Jam?, and ChrtfiophefJohn Schultes, was road a Secctnd (ami othtn)

Time. . *'-

Rlfohied, That the Bill be committed to Sk Job*

Glymte., Mr. Sandys. Lord Harry P Owlet, Mr. Earnest Mr. Dyson, Mr. Willoughby, Mrs. Whitlscot, Lord Lord Carysfort, Sir Walter Blackef, Lord Cat her lough,

Mr. Glover, Sir Frauds Vincent, Sir Jarril Smith, Mr.

Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Bentmck, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Colerdme, Sir Charles Mor daunt,.

Sir John Wynne, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir ’

William Baker, Me. Grey, Mr. Montagu, General Boff cawen, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Brownhw Sic John Si. Aubitt, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Harris, Mr. 1 Fofter, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Long, Mr. Saar dys. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Brttdenell, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Former ear, Mr. Abercrombie:, Mr. Shiftier?

Mf. Ruiler, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bull: And they are to* meet this Afternoon, at Five, of the Clock, in tho Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Thorp Bridge, Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln-, and from West *c-

Raifth to Pilford Bridge ;and from the great Roadi 03 ‘

about Six Furlongs West of Biftlop Bridge, to Bifkop.

Norton Common-, and from the Hamlet of Morton tQ Crowle; and from- Snow Setoitir to Kimutld Ferry; in the said County of Lincoln -, was read a Second Time.

Reflvid, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which* cot, Mr. GlvOet, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarril Smith, Ixud Rrowtlou? Bertie, Mr. Rajhleigh, Sir Walter Blacket, Mfr Long, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Burrard, Sir Francis Vin-

cent, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Kynafttn, Sir William Baker, Sir Charles Mordawtf,

Lord Coleraine, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr.

Lord George Sackville, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Burg-herfti, Mr. Grey, Sir John Glyntte, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Htweit, Mr. Tewujhend, Mr. Fonne-reau. Sir Robert Long -, and all the Members who serve ft>r the Counties or Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they Are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An irigrofled Bill to continue the Term, and to vary and Wallingford enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth and Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wal- Fan^ngdon. tingfordc, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from toa .* thence to Farraigdon; and a Ho from Wantage to Idfoti, in the said County; fb far as the same relate to the Road leading Horn Wallingford'to Wantage, ind from thence

to Fomttgdon; and for discontinuing the said Term and

Powers, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idson-, and for repairing the Road leading from the North-East Comer of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield\ otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road, leading from Wallingford'to Wantage-, was read the Third Time.

Refined, That the Bill-do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and en*-large "the Powers; of an Act,. passed in the Twenty, fifth

Year

fens Inn, Road.

¥isehead,

*c.

Roads.

*88 27* Februarii. 1765*

Year of his. late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to and

from thence to Farr ing don; and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County; so for as the same relate to the Road leading from Wallingford to and from

thence to Farringdon-, and for discontinuing the fold

Term and Powers, so for as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idf; and for repairing the Road leading from the North-East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road, leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in execution so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several' Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between Brid-port and Beamifter, in the County of , was

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read.

And Mr. Samuel Way said, That there is a Lane, called Pig Lane, leading out of the said Road, into the Town of Bridport, and unless the Trustees for the Care of the Roads within the BeamifterDiftriftare impowered

to erect a Gate in that Lane the Tolls payable by the said Act cannot be properly collected. And,

Mr. John Sargent laid. That there is a Bye Lane, called Clampet Lane, leading out of the said Roads, near the Town of Beamifter, and unless the Trustees have also a Power to erect a Turnpike there the Tolls granted by the said Act may be evaded by passing along the said Lane.

Ordered, That it be, an Instruction to the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,. for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon; as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of , to the Work-house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place called Quandoe’s , and also several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchm^nt on Aftterfwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Beamifter; and also for amending the Road from the North End of South Street to Bridport Harbour; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to prevent Persons evading the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act, in the Districts of Bridport and Beamifter.

Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of . the Constables, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of , in the County of Somerset, and several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Somerset and Devon, residing near, and travelling on, the Roads thereafter mentioned; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes ..of WestQuantoxhead, East Quantox-head, Kilve, Stringston, HolfordDodington, and

Nether Stowy, in the County of Somerset, and of the Gentlemen,. Clergy, and Freeholders, and others, residing near, and travelling on, the Road therein after mentioned; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the feme, as they appeared

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; arid is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Samuel Kingdon said, that the Road from the Borough of Minehead, to the Town of Dwtfer, to Timberfcombe, to Helebridge, to the Town of and by the River, and by Bruj Green, to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and to Batham Bridge, in the Parish of Bampton, in the County of Devon, is, in many Places, narrow and incommodious.

That the Road from Brushford Green to Worth in the Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, is very hilly, and narrow; and he thinks it would be for' the Advantage of Travellers to have that Road made for Wheel Carriages.

That the Road from Bilbrook to Croft is very' narrow, and cannot be amended by the Statute Labour and the Road from Fair Croft to Hartrow Gate, in the Parish of Elworthy, is very narrow and hilly.

That the lload from Carhampton to the Town of Watchet, is deep, and very founderous in several' Places.

That the Upper Road from Watchet to the Village of Ridon, and from Ridon to Nether , in the County of Somerset, where the Bridgwater Turnpike ends, is steep, from Watchet to Ridon, and very narrow and incommodious, and dangerous, on account of the Cliff

That the Road from Rido, over the Hill, is steep, and, in some Places, very rough and narrow, and that Carriages go the Hill Road, but very few Waggons go that Road.

That there are Two Roads from Ridon to Nether Stowey, the Upper and L wer Road; that in the Upper-Read there are very steep Hills.

That if both Roads were in Repair, Travellers would choose to go the Under Road; and if the Hills were made alike easy of Access, the Under Road could be made at Ids Expence.

That the Under Road is more commodious, and the Difference little, either as to the length, or the Expence of making it.

That there is a little Hill in the Lower Road, but not steep; that if the Hills in the Upper Road were now made alike easy, the Under Road would be made something cheaper.

That he thinks it most convenient to repair the Under Road, as there are more Houses and Villages near that Road than the Upper Road.

Being asked-. Whether, if the Road was to go over the Hill, the Inhabitants of Putsham, and the other Villages adjacent, would not be liable to pay Toll, without going-over the Road ? he said, They would.

That the Road from Pulfham to Saint Awderys is, in some Parts, narrow, ?«nd will not admit Horses to pass by Carriages.

That the Elevation of Staple Hill is Eleven Degrees, and the Elevation of the other Hill near is

Twelve Degrees.

That he measured the Roads, and that the Road over the Hill is Three Quarters of a Mile and Six Poles nearer; and the Reason given to him for signing the counter Petition, was, that they thought the Lower Road was between Two and Three Miles about.

That the most considerable Expence in making the Upper Road would be, easing the Hills, and that of making the Under Road, widening it.

That there is a Sufficiency of Materials on and near each Road.

That the Distance from the Foot of Staple Hill to Alfoxton Dog Pound, is Two Miles Seventy-six Chains;' and that Part of the Road cannot be repaired by the Statute Labour.

That there is a Hill near the Village of Holford which is so steep, it being Twelve Degrees Elevation, that the Statute Labour would be insufficient to make it easy of

Access,

5 Geo. III. 176 Februa. 48

Accels, but that, except lowering that Hill, the Road might be repaired by the Statute Labour.

That the Road from the Castle of Comfort to

Stozvey is hilly, and narrow, and Carriages cannot pals each other in lonie Places; that he took this Elevation Two or Three Chains Length from the Village of Halford; and that in taking the Elevation he intended to take no other Elevations than such as he thought was most difficult of Accel's.

That he took it only at the End of the Hill, and had he taken more Stations, he should have made some of the Elevations m-tich greater.

That he took the Elevation at Eleven or Twelve Chains distant from the Village, as far as he recollefts; and that the furthermost Elevation of Staple Hill might be a Mile, or more, from the Village; and that when you have ascended the Hill Eleven or Twelve Chains from the Village, it is more cafy of Ascent till you arrive at the Summit.

That he believes there is Five or Six Degrees Difference in the Elevation between one Part and the other; but that he intended to take the Elevations of the most difficult Places only, and that he was positive the Elevation of the Hill was Eleven Degrees; that he took the Elevation of the Hill going from Dog

Pound towards Nether Stowey, a little beyond the Village of Halford, which is about Four or Five Chains from the Top of the Hill.

That Two or Three Chains Length of the Hill is Twelve Degrees Elevation, the rest something less.

That he did not know that the usual Road from the Castle of Comfort is on the Eight Hand from that House; over the Common adjoining to Little Red borough,

and from thence, by Castle Hill into Nether Stowey, but had been told that the Left Hand Road was the usual Road before it was out of Repair; and that he knows the Right Hand Road from the of Comfort to

Stowey, but does not know the Names of every particular Place.

That there are several Places in that Road where Two Carriages cannot conveniently pass by each other, but he is not sufficiently acquainted with the Road to describe Jthe Names of those particular Places.

That he measured that Road about was Fort-

night, but was not so accurate in his Observations as he was of the Left Hand Road, thinking the Left Hand Road the usual Road; but to the belt of his Judgment, he thinks Two Carriages cannot pass each other, but that such narrow Places did not all together exceed One Quarter of a Mile j that there are some Foot Paths; but where he speaks of the Narrowness of the Road, the Foot Paths are included, and he believes if the Foot Paths were cut down. Two Carriages could not pass, and that the Hedges are so near together as to prevent the Passage of Carriages.

That if he had gone from the Castle of Comfort to Nether Stowey as a Traveller, he would have gone the Road last described in preference to the Left Hand Road, because it was so much out of Repair; and that the Road he spoke of from Ridon to Nether Stowey he believes is most frequented, though he knows the other Road isfometimes used by Travellers.

That he knows the Road from Watchet to Tower Hill, at the South East End of the Village of in the Parish of Saint Dccv.mato be narrow, very watery, and incommodious to Travellers, and not to be amended by the Statute Labour.

That the Road from Watche by way of Rolls,

to Fair Cross, and from tkence to Stickle Path, or. Brenelott Hill, to Robery Lane, and to the Town of Bamplon, in

the County of Devon, is hilly in many Places, very narrow, foundevous, and much out of Repair, and not to be amended by the common Statute Labour; and also the Road through the Parishes of Bampton,

Higjitley, OkeforJ, Stoodleighsmd Tiverton,

Which is narrow and incommodious, and catfcot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Popham laid, That he is well acquainted with the Upper Road from Nether Stowey to Root, and

in general thinks it very far from a good Road, some Parts being hilly, rough* and Honey, and some Parts narrow.

That he never travelled the other, and that he believes where One goes the Lower Road Twenty go the tipper, and though he went the Upper Road he knew there was a Lower Road; that some Part of the Upper Road may be repaired by the Statute Work, but a great deal cannot; and that the Parts which are pot now repairable by Statute Labour exceed all together a Quarter of a Mile.

That some of them lie between Stowey and Hills, and that he thinks there are several Miles which the common Statute Labour will not make good.

That the Road from Ridon to Hill Foot is very rough and stoney, and the Statute Labour will not repair it, and that the Hills in general in that part of the Road are open, and may be made to wind round, which would make the Access less steep, but that it will carry a Person round about a Quarter of a Mile, and that it would be necessary to vary the common Road from the Place where it now goes over Staple Hill, to make the Ascents easy, and that the Steepness of the present Road is inconvenient to Travellers, and that the Statute Labour, though properly applied, would be jnfufficierit to make the Road good, and to widen and smooth the Road over Staple Hill, and make it capable of allowing Two Carriages to pass each other,

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, George Hawkins said. That he has known the Road described in the Petition many Years, and that the Road from Watchet, through the Village of Ridon, may be repaired by the Statute Labour, if properly applied.

That the Road from Staple Hill Foot to Mr. St. bin's Dog Pound, is the common Road to Nether,

and may be repaired by the Statute Labour, aria iriade wide enough for Ten Carriages to pass each other, aria that the Steepness of Staple Hill never prevented any Carriages going the common Road to Nether Stowey, and that the Road from the Dog Pound, to the Castle of Comfort, is sufficiently wide anu good, to be easily put into complete Repair by the Statute Labour, if properly applied.

That the Road from the of Comfort, being the Right Hand Road to Redborough Hill, is now in good Repair and Condition, and capable of being made good by Statute Labour only, and that it is the common and direct Road to Nether Stowey, that the narrow Parts between that Hill and Nether Stowey don’t make all together quite a Quarter of a Mile, and that such Parts may be completely repaired by the Statute Labour.

Being asked the Question, he said. That he lives at Stozvey, is a Sow Gelder, and goes often to Watchet, and has driven Cattle through Nether Stowey, and that be reckons the principal People are against the Turnpike.

That he said he had heard the Parishes had been threatened to be indicted.

And as far as he knows they had mended their Roads since.

That there is no Place in the Road between Ridon and Nether Stowey, where a Man and Horse may not pass a Carriage, except a little Part, where he thinks a Horse cannot pass by a Carriage, but if the Banks on each Side of such narrow Parts of the Road’ were cut down, it would make it sufficient for Tw6 Carriages to pass, and that may be done by the Statute Labour only!.

Mr. Richard Davey said. That he' knows the Road from Staple Hill Foot, over Staple Hill, to Mr. St. bins Dog Pound, to be a very firm Road for Carriages; that no Part of the Hill- is la steep as so prevent Carriages coming over the common Road to Stowey, arid

C he

fa*

Roads.

Minehead,

&c.

Roiidi.

ipo

27° Februarii.; 1765.

he thinks, that if the Statute Labour was properly applied if would be sufficient to widen and make it as smooth and good a Road as ought to be travelled, and sufficient for any Two Carriages to pass each 'other; that there is no Hill between the Dog Pound and the Castle' of Comfort so steep as to prevent arty Carriages going the common Road to that he thinks

about Two hundred Yards of the Road from the Qajile of {Comfort, od the Right Hand, down uito'Nether StoWey, is so narrow as not to permit Two

Carriages to pass each other, and that such Parts, and all the rett of the Rdad, from the of , might

vety easily b‘e completely repaired if the Statute Labour was properly applied; that the Hill is so steep, as to be inconvenient for heavy Carriages to pass up and down the fame, but that the Under Road is not so bad as to prevent the Passage of Carriages going the Road.

‘That he knows the Power of the Statute Labour, but did not know what a Day’s Labour was.

That Mr. Palmer's Coach always drang’d down the Hill

by the Dog Pound, and that he cannot lay what Expence would make the Road good, nof what Statute Labour has been done thereon, nor whether the Roads have been threatened to be indicted or not.

That the Road from the Castle of Comfort, the lower Way to Nether Stowey, is founderous, and that he be-

lieves the Upper Road is the nearest, that it is the general and the old accustomed Road.

Being asked if there are not many Hills between Wells and Bath, much more steep and difficult for Carriages to ascend, than any Hill between Staple Foot and Nether Stowey in the present Road,

He said, not as the new Road is; that Rodjlock Hill is ftcepcr and rougher than the Hill going to Nether , and that he went up Rodjlock Hill Three Years ago.

That the Road from Staple Hill to Ridon was very good Ibme Years ago.

Mr. John Day said, That he knows the Road from Staple Hill Foot, over the Hill, by the Castle of Comfort,

and from thence by the Right Hand, down Hill, to Nether Stowey.

Which he thought might be repaired by the Statute Labour, and that the narrow Places may be widened and repaired thereby, if the Whole was applied to that Part of the Road; that it is so steep that heavy Carriages cannot pass easily down, but he thinks it may be repaired; that it is in-general Ihallow, and that, in his Opinion, a Turnpike Road would be of no Benefit to the Country j that a good Road without a Turnpike would be better, but he could not say how long it would take to repair the Road by the Statute Labour.

That lie could not tell what other Roads were to be repaired by Statute Labour, but believes there are other Roads; that he pafl'ed over Staple Hill Foot Four Months ago,'and thinks a Fourth Part of the Statute Labour will repair it.

Mr. Robert Davis informed your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Road from Staple Hill Foot, by the Castle of Comfort-, that he has made Inquiry what Statute Labour has been done on Hills, that

there hart been no Statute Labour done there these One hundred Years; that the Lane from Quantock Hill to Stowey, is but an indifferent Road, and seems to want Repair; that about 200 Yards of the Road is narrow; that the only bad Road upon Quantock Hill is the Road by the Dog Pound and Staple Hill-, about a Quarter of a Mile by the Dog Pound is rough, and has loose Stones, which may be easily picked off; that the Hill by the Dog Pound is pretty steep, but not so steep as Rodjlock Hill, and he saw it last Summer; and the Road that is out of Repair may be repaired by the Statute Labour in a reasonable Time.

That the Statute Labour, Twice a Year. Three Days at a Time, would repair the-Road between Nether Stowey and Redborough Hill in Two Years, and it would then

be as’gdod a Road as need be.

That it was the common Road from Staple Hill Foot to Nether Stowey, and that Mr. when he goes to

St. Audries, goes over the Hill, but he does not know

the reason why; that Mr. A goes sometimes pne W ay and sometimes another,

Mr. Francis Cardelaid. He thinks the Road may be

repaired by the Statute Labour in.One Year, but could not say what Number of Horles, Carriages, and Labourers are obliged to do Statute Work in Stowey, but he has lcen what Work has been done in One Day, and by that he makes his Calculation.

That he had fecii the Road between Stowey and lhe Castle of Comfort mended in the common Way, but he does not think it will last so long as a Turnpike Road, but that it may be kept in Repair by the Statute La-, bour.

That he believes the Parish Duty is performed very punctually every Year; that he never heard the Roads had been threatened to be indicted, except a Road which is by Long Cross Barn, which is not so commonly uled as the Upper Road.

He laid he could not tell what Number of Men and Horles were employed in a Day, but some Yards of Road were repaired between Cate ami Mr.

Sydenham's.

That Nether Stozvey is a finall Market Town, and fur-nilhes a great Number of Labourers, but that mere are a great many Roads belonging to that Parish to be repaired, and that the Statute Labour is usually applied to the Read where it is most wanted.

Mr. William Sealey said, That he knows the Road from the East Side of Staple Hilthat Road into A Stowey.

And that there was not any Part of that Road so narrow, or lb much out of Repair, as not to be repaired by the Statute Labour, if properly applied.

That he saw the Road a Year ago, that some Parts of it are so narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass, but the greater Part may be made wide enough for Two Carriages, if the Foot Paths were taken down, and the Road repaired between Hedge and Hedge.

William Dully, being examined, said. That he is Servant to Mr. Barnard, that he knows the direct Road from Staple Hill Foot, across Staple Hill, by A fox ton Dog Pound, by the Castle of Comfort, and from thence, to the Right Hand, to Nether Stozvey, and that he thinks the whole Road may be widened and completely repaired by the Statute labour, if properly applied; that it is the direct Road from Ridon to Nether Stowey for Carriages and Horles.

That no Turnpike is wanted, the Road being tolerable good, except about a Quarter of a Mile from Ne-r ther Stowey.

Being asked if he knows what Statute Labour is;

He said, a Man goes out Four Days.

That a Person of /.30 or £.40 a Year is deemed to keep a Plough, and that they go Six Hours to work; that he don’t know the Number of Persons that do Statute labour at Nether Stozvey, neither can he tell how many Ploughs go out; that hedon’t know what a Plough I and is.

And Being further examined, he laid, he could not tell what the Statute Labour was.

But that the Calculation lie had made, in one Part of the Statute Labour, was from the Observation he had made on Statute Labour being done in other Parillies.

And that his Observation was of the Number of Men employed, but could not lay how many Y ards of Road he had seen mended at a Time.

Edmund Stadden said, That lie is a Taylor, that he knows the Road from Staple Hill across Staple by Alfoxton Dog Pound, by the C Con J on, *nb. a cm

thence, to the Right Hand, to Nether Stowey; mat Six Days Statute Labour, at Three several Times, arc annually required to be done at Stowey, that he don’t kn w there are any Parts of the Road so narrow and out of Repair as might not be completely repaired by rhe‘

Kewfon

Abbott

Roods.

5 Geo. III. 27®

191

Statute Labour, if properly applied, except Two Parts coming into Redborough, One at a Place called

Close Lane and links Lane, which may by a small Matter, at Labour be made wide enough} that Twp Ploughs cannot pais without drawing the Ritchep, but the Road may be made wide enough between Hedge and Hedge; and that the afcrdaid Road is thp direct Road from Bi? fim to Aether S/oweyfor Carriages and Horses,

That he keeps a -Shop at home, but has not gone abroad of late Years; that formerly he has done Statute Labour on the Road, but has paid Three Shillings a Year in lieu thereof for several Years; that they go out Three Weeks together, but don’t go out the latter End of the Year, and they work from Eight o’Clock to Four, being Eight Hours; and that all the Farmers go out in proportion to their Farms.

He said that the Statute Labour, regularly peri-formed, would be more than sufficient to repair thp Road in question; that it has been regularly performed, he having paid $s, a. Year for several Years; and that the Roads are in good Repair in his Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fqr repairing, widening, turning altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through and,

to Hele Bridge, and through the Town of DulyerIon, end by the River, and Brushford Green, to in

the County of Somerset, and from thence to Bridge, in the County of Devon; and from Brushford Green aforesaid, to Wort herofs, in the Parish of,

in the Laid County of Devon-, and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Carhampton and Btlib to Hartrow Gate, in the Parish of Ekvorthy, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of Watchet, in the Parish of in

the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and through the Village of , and by Long Cross

Barn, to the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road in the Town of Nether Stoivey, in the County of Somerset And allb from the said Town of Watchet, to Tower Hill, in the Village of Wiliton, in the said Parish of St. Decuman's-, and from the said Town of Watchet by Way of Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to over Brendou Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Rampton, in the said County of Devon: And that Mr. Shiffner, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, the Earl of Thomond, Sir Edward Bayntun, and Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Thje Lord Howe presented to the House, according tq Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead? ing from the South End of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbott, in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Wool'corough, Abbotts Kerfivell, Kings Kerfwell, Marledon, Paington, Ferrers, Brixham,

apd Kingswear, to the Passage Way ip Kingswear aforesaid, opposite to the Town and Borough of Clifton mouth Hardness -, and also the Road leading from the End (next adjoining to the said Town of Newton Abbott) of a certain Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards the Village of Abbots Kerfwell, to and through that Village to Five Lanes, in the Road before described; and also the Road leading from a Barn, lying near to Smoaky House, in the Parish of Marledon aforesaid, called Langver's Barn, -through the several Parishes of Marledon and , in

the said County, leading to the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes aforesaid; and allb the Road leading from a Common called War borough,

through the said Parishes of Brixham ana Churston Ferrers, and the lower End of Churston Ferrers Town, by a Black finith’s Shop there, to Monks and from thence to

Brixham Quay, in the said Parish of Brixham-, and allb the Road leading from the said Barn called Langver's Barn, through the faiR Parishes of Marledon and P.aing-ypL-

ton, to the North End of Paington Town, within the said Parish of Paington: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ftejolved. That the Bill be read a SecorJd Time,

Mr. Burrard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of South-, ampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fomie to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tq report to the House; and he read thp Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thp Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a SpcontJ Tirpe, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp ingrafted,

Lymington

to

Totton

Jtoad,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Rebuilding the reunder written. Inhabitants of the Hundreds of El- Newgat*. thorne, Spellkorne, and Isleworth, in the County of -

d/efex, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inha-r bitants of the said Hundreds, was presented tq the House, and read;. Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, relating to the Prison of Newgate, within the City of London; and alleging* that the said Gaol has been, time out of mind, maintained, repaired, and supported by the City of London, and, after the great Fire of London, was rebuilt at the Expence of the said City; and that, before the present Application, no At-. *' tempt has been ever made to charge the said County with any Part of sech Expencps: and that the Petitioners conceive that they cannot, by the Laws now in being (nor ought, in Equity) to be compelled to contribute towards, rebuilding the said Gaol; and that the City of has

no Grounds whatsoever for such an Application, in regard of the immense Profits that have accrued to the said City from divers Charters, and particularly in respect of t)ie said City’s holding the Shrievalty of toge-

ther with that of London, by means whereof great Sums have been raised, by Fines and other Ways; therefore the Petitioners flatter themselves, that, out of the Sums so raised, and other Revenues of the City, a considerable Bum hath been set apart for the Purpose contained in the said Petition; And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against stich Part of the said Petition, as any way tends to impose a Charge on the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of thp Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council afletnbled, ic refer? red-: And that these Petitioners be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before (he feid Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Applets* Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, within the and Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the County of Chester,

1 o 1 rp lucloluxe.

jvas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange,

Mr. Blackstone, Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bentinck,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Waller, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Butler, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lord

Coleraine, Mr. Glover, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Hozve, Mr. Rest, Lord Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Townshend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Alexander Gilmpur, Mr. Fonneyeay, Sir Edward , Mr.

H*rborff

Chatteris

Ferry

to

Earith

Road.

Tribe’s

Name.

Mailers

*in

Chancery*’

Salaries.

Account

Army

Paymaue

192 27 FehriiaruA. 1765.

’Harbord, Mr. Burrell, Mr. BrvdeneH, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster,

York, Durham, Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, to Hammond’s Eau and Somersham Bridge; and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stockbridge, through Needlngworth, to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the W ill of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Bejl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propped, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to impower the High Coqrt of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the said Court;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " towards augmenting " the Income of the Mailers," and inserting the Words,

" for the Benefit of the Suitors," inllead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Rand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to layout, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court} and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the find Court»

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for, he } 37.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbra Mr. Forrester, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, and Mr. Richmond Webb, dp prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Non-effective Money, now in the Hands ' of the Paymaster General, or in the Hands of the Agents of the Regiments of the Army, and of the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies, of the Militia respectively, except the Regiments in the East Indies; and also what remains' of the said Monies now due, and is unilTued; distinguishing. each Corps-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Di-redtions, that there be kid before this House an Account of the Ships and old Stores which have been fold, in the Years 1763 and 1764; and for how much they were fold.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made jin the Privilege Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, of intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences af un, ent* that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act:

And that Lord John Cavendt/k, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt,

General Conzvay, and Sir William Baker, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

An ingrossied Bill for granting pertain Stamp Duties, Supply Bill; and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations American in America, and for applying the same towards further Stampkuuc defraying the Expences of defending, protedling, and securing such Colonies and Plantations, was read tire Third Tune.

An ingrossed Clause was o fie red to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, toefcempt the Colonies of Que* bee and Grenada from the Double Stamp Duties upon Writings, not in the English Language.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Bknks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro* poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 21. To leave out "sign," and insert "iJue" inllead thereof.

113. To leave out "signing," and insert "iffiring" inllead thereof.

25. To leave out "signing," and insert " issuing," inllead thereof.

Pr. 44. 1. 27. After " Oath," to insert, "orifaQuaker, upon Affirmation."

45. 1. 10. After " Oath," to insert, " or Affirmation."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50. 1. 7. To leave out " or in any Court of Admiralty."

And the Question being put, that those Words Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 50. 1. 14. Before "Plantation," to leave out "or,"

" and after "Plantations," to insert "or " Place."

51. 1. 21. To leave out " such," and after " Forfeitures," to insert " infh'sted by this " Act, or by the said Act made in the " 4th Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, or by any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the said Colonies or Plantations."

1. 27. To leave out " the," and insert "any" inllead thereof.

.L 31. Before " Plantation," to leave out "or," and after "Plantation," to insert or " Place."

And

L30 ne

sGeo. III. 27 — 28

And 'the fold Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies and

Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and leCuring the same; and for amending nach Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner -Of determining and recovering the Penalties and For-leittfres therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. P do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tlreir Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Discovery -Resolved, That this House will, upon M’orn-

r,t lhc ing next, refblve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole oH&au e. consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for drfeovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals lor discovering the Longitude:

Ordered, That tire several Persons, who Were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except the Reverend Mr. Hornfby and the Reverend Mr.

do attend the said Committee upon Morning

next.

tail India Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Owpany; ing next, refblve. itself into a Committee-of the whole lua meat 1 on Upon j^e Bill for the regulating Qualifications of

Proprietor!. the Proprietors of East India Stock.

A,nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 28° die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii III‘» Regis, 1765.

Praters.

TtyfR. Which cot presented to the House, According to Judoiurc. XVA Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Aukborough, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Barton A Petition of Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, the Minis-Waterside ter,- Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of

House, Appleby, in the County of Lincoln, w^s presented to the.

iU»<L House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners-,

) lee, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented

\ /dr a Bill for repairing a Road from Barton, through ' EhramLane, tq Brigg; and from

through Cafilethorp -Town, to Rickets Walk, as far as the Hill Top, leading tq Appleby aforesaid; and that the Road from the said HHl; through Appleby, t6 Roxby Gate, at the- North End of the Parish of Appleby aforesaid, is in a ruinousrCondition; unfefe for Travellers, and cannot be amended and kept irl Repair by the ordinary course of Law.: And therefore praying, That . tho faith. Road may be' continued from the said Hill Top, tq Roxfhf Gate, at the North End of the said Parish of ‘ Appleby, and that the Petitioners may have such other ' Relief,-as to the Hcnife shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition -be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter, thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, tto the Haute:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

General Lmkton, NTt. Fonnereau,. Mf. Waller, Mr.

Vox.'. 30.

’ Februarii \ 193

Mr. Ragot, Sir George Montgomery fAetham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Coventry, Lord Grey, Mr. Ward, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.. Parker, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Darner, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Delaval, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. James Grenville, Lord Carysfort, Lord Charles Montagu, Lord Gather lough, Sir Walter Bagotr Mr. Dempster, Sir Roger Neva digate, Mr. Cujl, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Torke, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Howe,

Mr. CreJ'ivell, Mr. Robinson, General A'Court, Sir Charles

Kems Tynte, Mr. Touchet; and all the Members who

serve for' the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account# AccoiNt of the Quantity of Hemp and Flax imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years last pall, to -mas 1764; dittinguifhir.g each Year.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships be- -T'0*

longing to the Port of Sunderland, was presented to the uer‘

House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Method of conveying Ballast from Ships by Keek, in the River of Tyne, and landing the same upon Quays, is very detrimental to the Navigation of that River, as large Quantities of Ballad mud unavoidably fall in, in the throwing of such Ballad from the Ships and Keels upon v the Quays, and by the same being blown off in dry

Seasons by high Winds, and carried off by Rains and floods; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if iht Ballad, which is brought into the Port of Shields wa* to be carried out of the said Port to Sea, into 14 Fathom Water, and not less, by the Machines invented by Mr. Richard Liddell, called -Hoppers, it would be of great Advantage to the River of Tyne, and Haven of Tynemouth, and to the CoalTrade in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the said Richard Liddell such Encouragement as may be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between:

London and Shields, is referred.

Mr. Delaval presented to the House, according to Bulbed; Ordft, a Rill for dividing and inclosing a certain Com- Inclosure' rnon Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the kBa-. rony or Manor of Rulheck, in the County ,of Northumberland': And the same was received; and read the First Time.'. ' '

ResolvedyThat the Bill lie-read a Second Time.

Sir* Charles Kemys Tynte presented to the House, ac- Compton cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and *° Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of ,his, late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road -from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Comptoti,. in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil,

Crezvkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the . Town, of Axminster, and several other Roads round the said

Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; so far as. th’e same relates to the Road from HaJIeborough Bridge,

to’ the East End of the Town of; and for

repairing and widening, the Road from Chard, through

Stockland, to Honiton, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be: read a Second Time:

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the Comptoa Counties of Dorset and Devon, was presented to, the - , House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners . are informed,’a Bill is depending in the House, for re-

3 D pairing

194

28" Febru

A. 1765.

pairing the Road from Chard, in the County of Sower-set, to Honiton, in the County of Devon, through . Stockland, and several other Parishes in the Bill mentioned; and representing to the House, that there is already a very good Turnpike Road from Chard afore- feid, through Axminster, to Honiton aforesaid, which is a Part of the great Western Road, and has been made at a very great Expence; and, should the said Bill pals into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, as both the said Roads lead to and from the same Places into the West of England-, that, by the Division of the Tolls now collected on the said Turnpike ltoad, neither of the said Roads will be sufficiently repaired; and that the several Persons who have advanced Money on the Bland ford, Dorchester, Bridport, and Axminster Turnpikes, will be prejudiced in their respective Securities: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill be not suffered to pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may . have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Tonbridge, Ordered, That Sir George be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the p^0DC Road from Tonbridge to in the County of

Kent, is committed.

Muckley

Corner,

&c.

Road.

Welford

to

Ltkefter

Roads.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of bury and Bifion, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Muckley , in the said County, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to the City of Litchfield, and other Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth, That the Road from High Bullen, in the Town of Wednesbury, through TroufeLane and Wednesbury Field, to Bulls Lane, and

from thence to the Portway adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading from Gibbet Lane End to and from the Toll Gate in the Town of Bilfion, along the Windmill Dane, and Goldthorne Hill Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, to Stowerbridgt, in the County of Worcester; arts become very founderous and dangerous for Travellers by Carriages, and in some Parts very narrow: And therefore praying, That if a Bill should be brought in, and pass into a Law, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads mentioned in the Petition from Waif all to Litchfield, a Clause may be added thereto, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the additional Roads beforementioned in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and capital Burgesses, of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield, and of Walsall aforesaid, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands Bosworth, and Great Wigston, to Milfton Lane, in the Town of Leicester 17-

And the feme was received; and read the First

rn1

1 ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to Long Etto» whom the Bill for inclosing the Common Fields, Inciolu, fe Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except William Trowell, who was in,

and who was possessed of Oxgangs; and that the whole consisted of 131 Oxgangs; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields Lenchwick and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchwick and *nd Norton, and the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cocks, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Wood, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Cafwall,

Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Parker, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Ridley, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Willoughby,

Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Gray, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties cf Worcester, Stafford, Warwick, Salop-, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- Stump CroG| cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Slump Croft to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto; so far as the feme relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

He

(arc

Low

Inc!

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Brantingtam to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in -tingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

.Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Land Owners and Inha- Birihlt bitants of the Township of Bailey, in the West Riding td of the County of York, on the Behalf of themselves HuddcnficM and the rest of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of *"

the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Township there are many Highways, containing in the Whole about Twelve Miles in Extent, which are annually repaired by Statute Work; and that a Turnpike leading from Wakefield to Halifax, in the West Riding aforesaid, extends through about Three Quarters of a Mile of the said Township, on which the Inhabitants of the said Township arc, by Act of Parliament, obliged to

do

Tout

Ro.

Hem pel* (*rd others) Nat.

Lewd ham

Inclosure.

Tollbridge

to

Maid (lone Road.

5 Geo. III. 28° Februarii.

*95

do Two.Days Statute Work in'every Year; and that the Petitioners are informed a Petition is now before the House, for obtaining an Act for making a Turn-

Sike Road from Huddersfield to Birjlall, in the said West aiding, which is intended to go through little more than Half a Mile within the said Township of Batley; and that the Petitioners humbly submit, it would be extremely hard, should a General Clause be inserted in the intended Act, to compel the Inhabitants of Batley to do Two Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said intended Turnpike Road, as it would, in that Cafe, leave only Two Days Statute Work for the repairing all the other high Roads in the said Township, Which are more than Ten Miles in Extent, exclusive of both the said Roads from Wakefield to and the intended Road to be made in pursuance of the said Bill: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and that the said Township of Batley may be excepted out of such General Clause, or that the Petitioners may not be compelled to do more Statute Work annually upon the said intended Road, than the Proportion that the said Road bears to the rest of the Highways in the said Township.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horses, in Birjlall., tb the Turnpike Road at Nun brook, ami from Bradley Laneto the Town of

dersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Sir John Glynne reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, and Christopher John was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to- the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclolfrtg the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of -ham, in the County, of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had . examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Edward Wetherill, who is only possessed of One Cottage in Ca~ thorpe, and who, upon his being shewn the Bill, laid he did not choose to sign it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered -the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. -And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being feverailly read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. . '

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday-Morning next.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition 01 the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Tonbridgei Leigh, and Cowden, in

the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition; and had directed. him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in-atthe Clerk’s

(VOL. JO.

Table: Where the feme was read; and is as follow -eth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Kemble Watley, being examined, laid. That the Road leading from Wats Croft, through the Parishes of Leigh and Penjhurst, to Cowden, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, in the County of Kent, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Wats Cross, in the Parish of Tonbridge, through thfc Parishes of Leigh and Penjhurfi, to Cowden, in the said County.

A Petition of several of the Mortgagees and Trustees authorized to put'in execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment ©n Ajkerfwell Hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the Town of to

Penn Inn, and from Bridport aforesaid, to the Town of Beamifter, in the County of Dorset, and also the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Jler, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Dewas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed of a Petition now before the House for a Bill for the Amendment of an Act, for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, in the County of Dorset, through Yeovil, and allb for extending the Road from the said Town of Chard, through the Parish of Stockland, to the East End of the Town of Honiton, or some' such like Purposes; and representing, that there already is a very good Turnpike Road from the said Town of Chari, through the -Town of Axminster, ,to Honiton, much upon a Level, and more easy and commodious to Travellers than the Road petitioned for can be made, by, reason of the many vast large Hills lying between Chard and Stockland, and Stockland and Honiton, and no House upon the whole Road for the Accommodation of Travellers in Cafes of Accident; and that if an Act should pass for extending the Road from Chard, through Stockland, to Honiton, it will cause so great a Diminution of the Tolls arising from the Road already amended, from Penn Inn aforesaid, to the East End of the Town of Honiton, that the same will not be a sufficient Security to the Mortgagees for the Monies they have advanced, nor the Roads kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be' heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill so prayed for by the said Petition, . or that they may have such other Relief in the said Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland: without any Amendment: And also,

-The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to

Compton

,to

Axminibtr

Road.

Cattle imported from Ireland. Discovery of the Longitude.

Ager'a

Name.

28° Fthrmriu

jt. 1765.

to enable William Ager, and his Issue, to take and ujfe and - Employment of the Poor, within that Part of the Surname of Tumor, without any Amendment. Great Britain called England, was committed, be taken

‘ ’ into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Account; ' The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Gloves, See. Corproissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at ' tfye Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented ,jto the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign manufactured. Gloves-and Mittins, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Seven Years, to last: distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties £>aid on the Importation thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Royfloa The Lord Qarysfort presented to the House, according _*n4. , to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bridge federal Acts of the 9th and iatji Years of Queen Road. jmd of the 13th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royftou,. in the County of Hertford, to ' Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon: so far as relates to the Middle and South Divssions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of , ip

the |aid County of Huntingdon And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Chief Inhabitants, of the several Towns and Parishes of Somerjkatv, Bluntisham, Earitk, Colne, Ridley cum Fenton, War boys, and Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon, Whole Names axe thereunto subscribed, was prefepted to the Hosufe, and-read; taking Notice, That Leave hath been given to bring in a. Bill for enlarging the Term- and Powers of several Acts of Parliament) for repairing the Highways leading* from in the

.County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; To far as the feme relates to the middle and South Divisions of the said Highways; and alfq . for amending the Jtoad from Huntingdon to Somersham; and setting forth. That if a Bill be brought in for amending the said Road, which lead$ from Huntingdon through Ridley, to Sgtfierjhcm aforesaid, it will be of great Advantage. to that Part of the Country, and Ivkewifeof public Utility: And therefore praying. That the feme may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Importation The House ws moved, that an Act, made in the ol Wool. 26tij Y^ar of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting tfee Importation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Irelands to any Port in Great Britain, might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve ftself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Ad.

Ordered, That- the Account of the Quantity of Wool,

’ Woollen, and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into

.; England, from Midsummer 1750 to Midfmmer 1764;

what Quantity.each Year; and also the Ports from and , to which. th,e feme was exported and imported1; be, referred to the fold Committee.

Root Laws. Ordered That the Report fi-om the Committee of the

whole.Housey to whom the Bill for thei^gt.Reifef

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring ip a Bill to Exportation enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy of Wheat. Council to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful: And that Sir William M, Mr. Mawbey,

and Sir George Savjle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of African Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre* Company, fented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His MajestyY Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the - laid Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, laid before the House, an Account of the Sum granted, for 1763; and have inverted the Money'granted in 1764.. in Goods,

Stores, and Necessaries, for the l'upport of the several Forts upon the said Coasts; that, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Fort$ and Settlements upon the Coast of they humbly

pray the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support thereof for the ensuing Year, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven* night, the 12th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Isle of

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mao*

upon the Bill for more effectually preventing the Mif-cfiiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and cfandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man-, anti also upon the Bill for more effectually suppfying the Export 'Dade of this Kingdom to Africa with such coarse printed Calli-cos and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as. are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of'

Bugles into this Kingdom,.far the better Supply of the Export Dade thereof; and fordiscontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allow-' appesin Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man,;

Ordered, That the several Papers which have been ] pfefeitfed to the House in this Session of Parliament,-relating to the Isle of Man, be referred to the said Committ$e<

Then the House resolved itself into the said- Committee.

Mp. Speaker left the Ohair.

Mr: Raterson took the Chair of the Committee*

: Mr. Speaker refuimed the Chair.

Mr* Pof erf on reported from the C otpmitteo. That they had gone through the Bill for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain, zfid lteland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and trom the Isle of Man, and had made fey era! Amendment* thereunto; which-they had directed

him

Acts

relating to Highways,

Isle of Man.

Kirkh&mmer*

ton

Inclosure.

5 Geo. III. a8°, Februsrii. — i0 Martii. 197

him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Pay Sevennight.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with l'uch Coarse Printed Calicos and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the Indies, or other Places-beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for the encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts, made in the 26th, a8th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider what Rights of the Proprietor of the Isle of Man, under the several Grants of the said Island, it may be expedient to vest in the Crown, for the further and more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the said Island; and what Compenfetion it may be proper to make to the said Proprietor, in respect thereof.-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1exerts, 1* Martii;

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. , Mr. Bolton, Sir

William Baker, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Frederick Campbell,

Mr. Skijfner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

shend. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Burrell-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colonel Barri presented to the House, according to Towifend’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregrines Nat. Townsend, Wife of James Townsend, Esquire: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from. Barton Barton Waterflde House, to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and Waterside several other Roads, in the County of Lincoln, therein- <R0^dfcC* mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -cot. Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Lowndes, Mf. Demp-. fler. Sir Richard Bampfylde, Lord Strange, Mr. Fonne-reau, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Glynne, Sir William Maynard, Sir JarritSmith, Lord Burgherfn, Mr. Cholmley,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Praed, Mr.

Serjeant Hewitt, Sir Charles Mcrdaunt, Mr.

Mr. Boulton, Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Mr. Ben-

tinck, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Coventry, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Mr. Onslow, Lord Catherlougk, Mr. Bvller, Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lewis, Sir ‘Thomas; and all the*

Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton:And they are to meet: this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Order, made Yester- Compton day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enlarge the *° Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road,> from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Comp*, ton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns ofi Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster, and several other Roads round the-feid Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; so far as the feme relates to the Road from Hafleborough Bridge, to the East End of the Town of Axminster-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Chard, through

Stockland, to Honiton, in the County of Devon, upon Monday Morning next; might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Anno 5* Georgii IIP" Regis, j 765.

Prayers.

C*tOhn His, John Henry Ernstand John Michael Platz, J took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Kirkkammerton, in the Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lewis, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Barrow, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Sir Robert Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Sir George Amyand, Mr. Eyre, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Fane, Mr. DowdeswtU,

Vol. 30.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Rush* out. Sir William Maynard, Mr. Praed, Sir Charles Mordaunt. General Bofcawen, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Butler, Mr. Waller, Sir Simeon Stuart, Sir John Glynne, Sit John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Sh Lord Strange, Mr. Calvert, Lord BurgherJh, Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Sir William Baker, Mr. Elliot, Sir George Savile, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Barrow, Lord Grey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

E A Bill

Ellerker

inclosure.

io8 i° Mdrtii. 1765.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and 'nclosure. Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Lord Wark worth, Mr. Pfaed, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Bar-

row, Sir William Maynard, General Bofcawen, Sir Jar*

> ritSmith, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Sir Walter Mr. Cholmley, Mr. //

ehings. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Prowse, Lord Carysfort, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Parker, Sir Alexander , Lord Grey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Mr.

/re, Mr. Gray, Mr. TownjhMr. Fonnerean, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Buller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bull, Lord Burgherjh; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rebuilding A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of Newgate, j[ie poor> the Vestrymen, and other principal Inhabi-c' tants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint George

Hanover Square, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary Le Strand, Saint Anne, and Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that the Application of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of London, to Parliament, for pulling down and removing the Gaol of Newgate, in that City, is renewed; and that it is thereby alleged, that Two Thirds of the Prisonen committed to that Gaol arc County Prisoners, with a View, as the Petitioners con-, ceive, to put some Part of the Charge of that Work upon the Petitioners; and that the said Liberty of Westminster being ^>ne of the Divisions of the County of Middlesex, the Petitioners do contribute to the Maintenance of New Prison, and the Houses of Correction at Glerkemaell and Tot full Fields and that the Bates for rebuilding and repairing of Prisons and Bridges, and divers other public Uses, being raised out of the Poors Bates, the Taxing of the County of Middlesex, for removing and re-edifying of Newgate, will involve the Petitioners in a large Expence, proportionable to their Quota of the Poors Rates, which are already very heavy; that the Petitioners conceive themselves more remotely benefited by the Gaol of Newgate, than any other Inhabitants of the said County, the of

Westminster being the Common Gaol of the said Liberty, and more conveniently situated for the said Inhabitants; that, as the Petitioners are informed, that the Gaol of Newgale was originally built and always repaired by and for the Ease and Benefit of the City, without any Aid from the County of Middlesex: Therefore praying the Pro t eft ion of the House against any Charge that may be attempted to be thrown upon the said Inhabitants, towards such intended Re-edification.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Teiford A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Open Common luclosure. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Glover, Mr. Lnvis, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Parker, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Wood, Mr. Bond, Lord Grey,

T7

Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Mr.

brudenell, Mr. Hayes, Srr Thomas Cave, Mr. Ward,

Sir Robert Long, Sir Richard Mill, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Francis Vincent, Colonel Bane, Mr. Mr. IVebb,

Mr. Barrow, Lord. Warkworth, Sir Charles

Mr. Rushout, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Butler, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Boulton, Lord B; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-' Eaton, mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in^i^fare in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rushout presented to the House, according to Chapel Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, "JJJ* and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Road Roa(i. leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester:

And the same was received; and read the Ffrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- Hurst Green pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Road* Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etching-ham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of

Burwash, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butler,

Mr. Rushout, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Dela-

val, Mr . Fuller, Mr, Brudenell, Sir Bennet Garrard, Sir

George Colebroolee, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Dowdcfwell, Mr.

Martin, Lord Downe, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ward, Mr. uen, lord Grey, Mr. Sulivan, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Lord George Sackville, Sir Roger Newdigats,

Mr. Plumptre,. Mr. Glover, Sir jarrit Smith, Mr. Har bord, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lewis, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Norris, Sir John Hynde Cotton,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, ton, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John His, John Henry Hi*

and John Michael Platz, was read a Second Time. (andlowers)

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nat*

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rushout, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Richard Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Foley, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Delaval, Lord Grey, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harbord, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Parker, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Garth, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Drake, Mr. Morgan, Sir Thomas Hales,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Lane, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Shiffner, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Eyre,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Norris, Sir Roger digate, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Town-

framing

Intriofurr.

Doncnder

faclosure,

&c.

Welling-

borough

Inclosure.

5 Geo. III. i° Martii. 199

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fomtereau, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. had directed him to report to the House; and he read

Fiu./nrbirt, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bagot: And they the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Speaker’s Chamber. Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, called the said Bill, as far as Fo. 33. 1. 2, being severally read Scanting Common, and the Greens, called Pound Green, a Second Time, upon the Question severally put there-Popes Green, and Betts Green, lying within the several upon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were Manors of Seaming Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern agreeed to, by the House.

Hall, Seaming Parva, Gunions, and Rougholme, on the Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Part of Hoe, or some Or One of them, and in the Parish Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next, of Seaming, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second

Time. Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Milford,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en- &« Newdigete, Sir Charles Mordaunt , Mr. Cholmley, Mr. larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Kynaston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lane, Mr. Burrell, Mr Maia- Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, hey, Mr. Parker, Lord Downe, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading John HyndeCotton, Mr. Barroxv, Mr. Delaval, Mr. from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey,

Sandys, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hayes, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton ;and Mr. WilbrahamBootle, Mr. Long, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Me- from Petworth to Bridge, in the County of Stf-

fjmen, Mr. Lewis, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Cttft, Sir Armine sex, was committed; That the Committee had examin-Wodehouse, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Glynne, ed the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fomtereau, Mr. Gray, Lord Burg- true; and that the Committee had gone through the

herjh, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Elliot, Lord George Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Sackville, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Shiffner-, and all the Mem- they had directed him to report to the House; and he bers who feivfc for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cam- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered bridge, Huntingdon, and Essex: And they are to meet the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Chamber. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or House.

Parcels of Land, in the Paritlies of Doncaster and Cantley; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfc and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also ingrafted, several other Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes

of Rofjingtonand Wadxvorih, in the West Riding of the A Bill for dividing and allotting several Open Fields, Fenton

County of York, was read a Second Time. Meadows, and Stinted Failures, in the Township of Fen- Inclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lane, ton, in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Boulton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord coin, and a certain Free Common, called The East Moor, \

Gather lough, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. in the same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Cray, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Dowdef- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, well, Mr. Ward, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Mr. Nugent, Lord Coleraine, Sir John

Tynte, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Nugent, Lord Glynne, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Coleraine, Mr. Clive, Mr. Holt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Walter, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sulivan, Colo*

Fomtereau, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. nel Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Mar-

Ilarley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Whichcot, tin, Mr. , Sir John Delaval, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Barre, Mr. B idler. Sir Armine Darner, Mr. , Mr. Barrow, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Wodehouse, Mr. Eyre; and all the Members who serve John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Jackson, Sir Rotor the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cum- bert Long, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles berland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to Mordaunt, Lord , Mr. Gray, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fon-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the nereau. Sir Smith, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu,

Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Hayes, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Lexvis, Sir William Maynard-, and all the Members who Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee* serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, mon Ground?, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor

of Wellingborough, and of and in the Manor of Welling- A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows Allhallow*

borough, formerly belonging to the College of Irtlingbo- on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding

rough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, church of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tene- (London.)

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ments thereon, to render the Passages to and from the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had said Church and House more commodious, was read a

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Second Time.

Committee (except 16 Persons, who, being applied to, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert refuled to lign the Bill, whose Property amounts to the Ladbroke, Sir Walter Blqcket, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle,

Sumofj£. 187. ioj. a Year; and except Two Persons, who Mr. Fomtereau, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Prefcot, Sir could not be found, but had Notice left at their Houses, Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Touchet, whose Property amounts to jf. 2t a Year; and 13 Persons Sir John Glynne, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pryce who, being applied to, would not sign the Bill, but said Campbell, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Mr.

they would not oppose it, whose Property amounts to Edmonstone, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lowndes,

£ 119 a Year; that the Property of the Persons who Mr. Cust, Mr. Clive, Mr. Boone, Sir Samuel Sir

signed the Bill amounts to £.1,5x7. 10s.a Year, and that John Hynde , Mr Mr. Dowdeswell, Nit.

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Kynaston, Lord Grey, Mr. Parker, Sir Smith, Mr.

Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, Cholmley, Sir Roger NewSgate, Sir Alexander;

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they and all the Members who lerve for the City of London,

Vol. 30. and

8 hen field* be. Roads.

Chatteris

Ferry

to

Wilbecli

Road.

200 i6 Martiu A. 1765.

and Counties of Mid fief ex, Kent, and

Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Maynard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in lib Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,~That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk-, and also of the several Trustees to, and Creditors under, an Act, made in the 3d Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns ot Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and also under an Act, made in the 22d of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely, and County of; whose Names

are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee "had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read.

And the Reverend Mr. Burroughs, and Collier,

Esquire, being severally examined, said. That they know the Roads mentioned in the Petition; that they are very imuch out of Repair, narrow in many Places, and cannot be amended and widened by the Laws in being: And,

" Mr. Thomas Shepherd said. That the Trustees for the Repair of the said Road, between Wisbech and March, have borrowed the Sum of £. 1,600 on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied to the Repair of the said Roads; but is found to be greatly insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money now due repaid, under the Powers of the said Acts.

That it will be an Advantage to the said Road, and likewise to the Creditors under the said Acts, to have the said Acts repealed, and put under the Trustees of the intended Act.

To confirm which, he produced to your Committee, a Paper signed by the several Creditors under the said Acts, figmfying their Consent thereto: And,

Mr.....Wenjley, being examined, said. That there are

Two prescriptive Tolls taken upon Part of the said Roads, One at Chatteris Ferry, and the other at Downham Bridge; and that it would be an Advantage to the said Roads, to have the same vested in the Trustees of the intended Act*

' upon making a proper Compensation for the fame.

20

Which Evidence was confirmed by Nit."Collier.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gote, in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham , in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March:

And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and the Lord Carysfort do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord- Spratton ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- *nclolurc* mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spration, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Ti me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Utrome the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Indofcu*. mon Fields, and Grounds, within the Township of Ul-rome, otherwise Owram, in Holderness, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivere4 the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read thoughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bq ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Quantity of Wool, Woollen Yarn, and Wool, Bay Yarn, imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, c* from Midsummer 1740 to Midsummer 1751; distinguish-

ing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Woolsels, Shortlings, Mort-lings, Wool-flocks, Worsted Cloth, Serge, Bays, Ker-feys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or Wool-flocks, imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, from Midsummer 1743 to Midsummer 1764; distinguishing each Year; and also a List of the Ports in Ireland, from whence the said Goods have been exported; and a List of the Ports in Great Britain, to which they have been imported.

Sir William Meredith presented to the House, accord- Exportation ing to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Ad- wj^a vice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Foundling Address of Wednesday last, that His Majesty would be HospiuL graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him. to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered,

Tythe

of

Madder.

Westminster

Paving;

Street Toil.

Gso. JIL to MattiL

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Efti mates, which have been presented to this House, in this or aqy former Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Educaflon of exposed and deserted young Children, be referred to the ConGderation of a Committee: And that they do consider of the present State of that Hospital, and of the most proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children who have been received into the said Hospital; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Coleraine, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Nugent, Lord Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Towujhend, Mr. l-Vhitworth, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Lord Midleton, Mr. Sihthorpe, Mr. Rigby,

Sir RogerNexvdigate, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lord

Cat her lough, Sir Char lei Mor daunt, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Mr. Edmmstone, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir John Glynne, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Elliot, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Strange, Mr. Harbor d, Lord George Saekvile, Mr. Harris, Colonel

Lord North, Mr. Martin, Mr. General

Howard, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Sir Charles Kemys

Tynie, Mr. Fane, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ryder, Lord Bvrgherfh, Mr. Pratt, Mr. , Lord Downs,

Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Pace, Mr. Dowdeswdl, Mr. Wtlbra-ham Bootle, Mr. Jackfen, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Parker, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clive, Sir William Meredith, Mr Fennereau, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Pocock, Sir George Pigot, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Mr. Grey, Lord

Grey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records } and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr* Whitworth presented to the House, according to Crder, a Rill for continuing an Act, nude in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported front the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rili for the better enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for pavings cleaning, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George thp Martyr, Sattii , Blootnsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hoi-bourn, which lies in the County of the several

Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middle-flex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to execute the Trulls vested in them by the said Adsj was committed, the Amendments which t}ie Committee lud made to tire Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevefally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Persons from Toll Who are going to their Parish Churches.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be' brought tip;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill wkh the Amendments# be’ ingrossed.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages} and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences} and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers} and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees j was committed } the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he. read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by tlfe Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendments in Fo. 5. 1. 11. being severally read a Second Time; upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were poltponed; and the rest were agreed to by the Hoqfe.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-comrtlitted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House#.to consider further of the said Bill.

*The Order of the Day being read, for the Hpufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means (or railing thp Supply granted to His Majesty}

Resolved, That this House will# upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House# upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the regulating Qualifications of the Proprietors of Raft India Stock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bolton took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Mr. Bolton reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amend-, meats thereunto} which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till. Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

3*

Clandestine

Marriage*.

Way*

and

Supply*

Fish and Rabbit Stealing.

East India Company j Qualification of

Proprietors.

202 4 Mar 1765.

Lunce> 4® die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

Rebuilding A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Newgate, are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves

and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Hundred of Edmonton and Gore, in the County of Middlesex, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes of the House, of an Application, by Petition, from the City of London, t>eing renewed, for making the Petitioners, among other Inhabitants of that County, contributary to the Expence* of taking away, rebuilding, or enlarging the Gaol of Newgate, situate in the City of London; that the Petitioners conceive they are not, by any Law or Custom, compelled to pay any Part of the Expences of taking down, altering, or rebuilding the said Gaol: And therefore praying the House will give them Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any Application that may be made to charge them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by them-, selves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon t-heir Petition, if they think fit.

Aukborough ' A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and lodofure. Grounds, in the Parish of Aukborough, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tot, Mr. Kymston, Lord Catherlough, Mr. B'md, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mr. Bur-

rard, Sir John Glynne, Lord Strange, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Hume, Mr. Walter, Lord North, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Paterson, Mr. , Mr. Dr ax.

Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Sir Alexander Grant, Lord Orwell, Mr. Long, Sir Robert Long, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Martin, Sir George -brooke, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Burt, Mr. Jackson, Lord Downe, Sir George Amyand, Mr. Mr.

kin/on, Mr. Prefect, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gift, Mr.' Whitworth, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Norris; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Lancaster, Lincoln, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wilson’j An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the settled Estates of Ann Widow,

and Ann Wilson, her Daughter, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the feme, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Lord Orwell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr.

Morant, Lord Coleraine, Mr, Willoughby, Mr.

lish, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Norris, Sir John Tur-

ner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Calvert, Lord Charles Montagu, Lord Caryf* fort. Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Harvey, Mr. LuttrelT, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and Lincoln:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Milford,

and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, pasted in the Thir- &c.

tieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, Road»*

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth to the Top of Dunckton Hill; and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, pasted in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth to the Top of Dunckton; and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of SttJfex.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom Carmarthea the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants Ruad*. of the County of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

' To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Richard Powell, Esquire, and Charles Phillips, Esquire, were severally examined, by whose Evidence it appeared that the several Roads leading from Pont ar,

being the Borders of the County of Glamorgan, to and through the Towns of Llanelly, and Kidwelly, to Carmarthen Bridge, and from the Town of Kidwelly aforesaid, to the Ferry of LlanJlephan, and from thence, through the Town of Llangharn, to Tafin Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, and from the said Town of Llangharn to Saint Clear's Bridge; from the Town of Llandilo-fawr, over Llandilo Bridge, through or by the Village of Llandebye, to a certain Place on the Mountain of

Bettus, where the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan join, near a Place called Penllyr Cajlell; and from the said Town of Llandilo-fawr to Golden Grove Park

Gate; and from the said Town of Llandilo-fawr, Two Miles on the Road leading by Pen-coed, towards and the Great Mountain-, and from a Place called Ffair-such, lying on the Road leading from Llandilo-fawr aforesaid, to the Village of Llandebye aforesaid, by TregibMill, and Manorabon, to the Borders of the

Parish of Llangadock, being the Road leading to the Market Town of Llangadock; and from Tregib Mill aforesaid, by Tregib House, to a certain Place called Tafyrn y Trap, in the Parish of Llandilo-fawr aforesaid; and from the said Village of Llandebye, by a Place called Pentrefgevenles, to the Borders of the Parish of Llanfihangel Aberbytliick, and from the said Village of

Landebye, through the River Lash, to the Great Mountain Gate, being the Road leading to the Market Town of Llanelly; and from Pont ar Ddylais, over the Forest, and a certain Common called Myndd,

to join the Road leading from Llandebye Village to Bettus Mountain, between a certain Place on the said Road, called Pont Llwynffol, and the River Amman, and from a Place on the said Road, leading from Llandebye Village aforesaid, to Pont Llwynffol aforesaid called Causey Garw, for Half a Mile towards Pen y Llan Barn, being the high Road leading by Llewl-Iwehcor, over the Black Mountain, towards the Market Town of Brecon-, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary course of Law.

And to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the before-named Witness'cs Were severally examined; and said,

That the Road from the Town of Llangharn, through

a Lane,

Bulbeck

Inclosure.

Lymington

to

Totton

Road.

Snitterfield

Inclosure.

S hen field. Roads.

Geo. III. 4? Mar hi. 203

a Lane, called the Long Lane to the Upper Ford or Ferry

at Llangharn, is also in a ruinous Condition, narrow,

and inconvenient, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwely, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County: And that Mr. Mr. Gwym,

Earl Ferney, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir Edmund Thomas, and

Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain, Common Moor, or Trait of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of ', was

read a Second Time. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dela-val. Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. , Sir John Turner, Mr. Morant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bond, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Powell, Mr. Mr.

Gray, Colonel Barre, Lord Mr. Burt, Sir

Francis Vincent, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Cust, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fijker, Sir William Maynard, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Burgkerjh, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Rice, Sir Thomas

Cave, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pennant, Sir Matthew Featherflonhaugh, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Byde, Mr. Nugent, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Sir Francis

laval, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Whichcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, from the Quay at Lym in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1,1. 6. To leave out " by the Pound, to a Water "called Stanford Water."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aiid that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Coventry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands; within the Manor and Parish of Snit-field, otherwise Snitterfield, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex, and Suffolk-, and for repairing and widening several other Roads, in the said County of Essex-, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3,1. 36- After "Parliament" to insert "and shall,

" from and after the passing of this present Act, extend to^and be executed."

Pr. io,l. 6. To leave out "Two" and insert "Three" iiistead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

- Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title VOL. 30.

be, An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual Two Acts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the First, and 20th of his late Majesty, for repairing the -several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk -, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

Ordered, That Sir William Maynard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Hurjley, to Chandlers; and from Hurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge, and Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset; and of several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mattdte^ the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

John White, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the Trustees appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in the execution thereof in respect to the Road called the Second Division, leading from the West Gate of the.

City of Winchester, through Pit and Hurjley, to Chandlers Ford; and from Hurjley, through Anfield, by Pond, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and have borrowed the Sum of 2,800.

That the Tolls hitherto collected on the said Road are an inadequate Security for the Money borrowed, and therefore it is proposed to erect a Gate in a Street, called The Hundred, Part of the said Road leading into Romsey, the Tolls of which, it is apprehended, will be much more than equal to the present Deficiency in the said Division, and will afford a Surplus sufficient to amend and widen the Road from the said Street through Chilworth to the River at Swathling.

Mr. John Johnson, being examined, said, That he knows the Road described in the Petition, from the Street called The Hundred, to the River at Swathling-, and from the said River to the Turnpike Roads at Sherrill Heath, leading to Wickham, Waltham, and Droxford, in the County of Southampton; and that the same are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary course of Law.

Mr. Thomas Warner confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Johnson.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton; and for connecting the same with the Road leading from the City of Winchester, through Hurjley, to Chandlers Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey .-foresaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Szvathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the said County of Southampton: And that Sir Simeon Stuart and Mr. Mellish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Romsey

to

Swathling

Road.

Grantham

Roads.

Stump Cross ro

Cambridge

Road.

Draycot

Inclosure.

Royston

and

Wansford

Bridge

Roads.

204

4* Martfi. A. 1765.

A Petition of Thomas Patterfou, of , in

the County of Cambridge, Oil Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner and his Ancestors have, for the Space of Fifty Years last past, and upwards, possessed and held by Lease from the Dean and Chapter of Ely, certain Oil Mills called Hauxton Mills, with a Garden thereunto adjoining, and an Orchard; and that in the said Garden are Four large Fish Ponds well stocked with Fish, of considerable Profit to the Petitioner; and that the Hanks on the Sides of the said Garden have been occupied by the Petitioner in depositing Citterns for preserving his Oil from Fire, and are likewise quite necessary for the more convenient Stowage of the Petitioner’s Seed, Oil Cakes, and other Goods belonging to his Trade, which, if obliged to be carried and placed at a greater Distance from the said Mills, will be attended with much Loss and Detriment; and that the Petitioner, observes, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Stump , to Newmarket

Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire, to Cambridge^whereby, the Petitioner apprehends, it is intended flr^uild a Bridge near his Mill Dam, and to turn the Road over some Part of his said Garden, Close, or Orchard, which, he alleges, would be a great Prejudice and Inconvenience to him: And therefore pray-ing. That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as the same relates to his Garden and Close and Orchard; and that the House will grant him such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought fit by the House, and as the Nature of the same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for enlarging the Powers of several A<tts, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross, to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge-, and from Foulmire to Cambridge-, and other Roads adjoining thereto; lb far as the same relate to the Road from to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto; be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Draycot, in the Parish of Bourlott, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the 9th and 12th Years of Queen Anne, and of the 13th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from ston, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the middle and South Divisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon; was read a Second Time.

Refched, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carys-fort, Mr. Eaves, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir Robert

Ladbroke, General Honeyzvood, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Pitt, Lord Charles Montagu, Lord Midleton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Rigby, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Touche t. Lord Grey, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Dyson, Lord, Orwell, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Charles Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Mellish, Mr.. Pryce Cambell, Mr. Sir

Richard Bampfylde, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Burrard, Sir JarritSmith, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Grey, Mr. Alderman

Bedford, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Doivdefuell, Mr. worth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Hertford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That ail have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

1

The House w&s moved. That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and chief Inhabitants of the several Towns and, Parishes of,

Earith, Colne, Pidley cum Fenton, and Old

Hurfi, in the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; which was presented to the House upon Thunfday the 28 th Day of February latt, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the First and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Towns End, in the said County; and also of the several other Persons residing in or near the Towns of Somersham, Woodhurfi, Saint Holywell with Need-

ingworth, Bluntifham, and Earith, in the said County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having this Sections obtained a Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Roads from Chatteris Ferry, to Hammonds Eau and Somersham Bridge; and for amending and widening the Roads from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, near through

Needingworth to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon -, which will be, as the Petitioners apprehend, of great Convenience to the Country, and to all Persons travelling out of the Isle of Ely, and the Counties of and Norfolk, to London, and into the North and West Parts of England; and that, upon the prefiing Application of several Inhabitants of some of the Parishes . near the said Road from Somersham to Saint Ives, the Trustees of the said Act are, by a Clause therein, rest rained from erecting any Toll Gatfcs within certain Distances of Somersham, because it was imagined an unlimited Power to erect Toll Gates might be prejudicial to the said Inhabitants, in removing their Stock from one Parish or Place to another; and that, to the great Astonishment of the Petitioners, they are now informed,' that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to continue several Acts, for repairing Caxton Road, and for repairing and amending an additional Road from Somersham to Huntingdon, which, if patted into a Law, as it now stands, mutt, with respect to the said additional Road from Somersham to Huntingdon therein mentioned, subject the Inhabitants of Somersham and the adjacent Parishes to the same Inconveniences provided against by the said restraining Clause in the above-mentioned Act, in consequence of the said Application; and that the Petitioners are confident, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, with the said additional Road, it will be of far greater Prejudice to the Road included in the Petitioners said Bill, than it can be of Advantage to the Town of Huntingdon, or any Place through which it leads, the same running nearly parallel and at a small Distance from the said other Road; and that the Road from Somersham to Huntingdon, through Saint Ives, is very little more than a Mile further than the said intended new additional Road from Somersham, directly to Huntingdon, which must, of consequence, be a great Burthen to the Country, as it is highly improbable that the Tolls thereof will be sufficient to pay near the Interest of the Money the said Road will cost making and keeping in Repair, there being but very little Traffic; and that, in case the said Caxton Bill, with a Clause for the said additional Road, should pass into a Law, the good Purposes intended by the Petitioners laid

Bill

Roy (fort and Wansford Bridge Roads.

Chatteris . Ferry to Earith Road*

4

Roy ft on and Wansford Bridge ft*.*

NWcoftle-Lvnc l^o&d.

5 Geo. III. 4® Matiiu 205

Bill will be in a great measure frustrated, as it will dif* courage Persons from advancing Money on the Credit of their laid Road, whereby the Country will be de* priced of a most convenient Road, and the Petitioners put to a great Expence in passing the said Act to no Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the said Petition under Confederation, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that they may have 1'uch other Relief in tire Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the 9th and ,12 th Years of Queen Aime, and of the 13 th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford to Wansford , in the County of Huntingdon, lb far as relates to the middle and South

JDivisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of , to

the Town of Sdmersham, in the said County of Hunting-dotti is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That, it be an Instruction to the said Committee, ^hat they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of ham, in the County of Huntingdon, and also of several other Persons residing near the said Town of Somerfhatn, was prefenied to the House, and read; Setting forth That many of the Petitioners have been, by the per-lonal Application of John Cole, Esquire, and his Agents, induced by falie Suggestions, to set and subscribe their Names to a Petition, for a Clause to be infer ted in the Caxtou Road Bill, that a Turnpike Road might be made from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of ham, leading through the Villages of Hartford, Old Hurfl, and Pid/ey, in which said Petition it is let forth, That many Advantages and Conveniences would arile to the Town of 5omersham in particular, and the County in general; but the Petitioners, on more mature Con-lioeration, find that they have been much imposed upon, and have reafim to believe the Advantages proposed thereby are imaginary, and by no means adequate to the Inconveniences and Burthens that will be thrown upon them by the intended Road, which will require Nine Miles, through a very deep Country, to be made good, which will be attended with great Expence, as the Materials for repairing the same are very scarce, and th'e Road from Huntingdon to Somersham, through Saint Ives, will not require more than Five Miles to be made good, and will be done at a small Expence; and that the Petitioners humbly hope, that this their Petition will be accepted, ami that the Clause intended to be inserted in the Caxton Road Bill, to make a Turnpike Road from Huntingdon to Sot, through the Villages of Hartford, Old Hurfl, and Ridley may not stand Part of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from

Newcastle-umkr-Lyue, to HaJJop; and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Bur Jinn, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike at Shelton, in the County of ;was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Parker,

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fuller, Lord Mr

ton. Sir John Glynne, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Bond, Mt. Delaval, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Burt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Powell, Mr. Rice,

VCL. 30.

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bartow, Mr. Pagot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Pane, Mr. , Mr Whitworth, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Motitagu, Mr. Bouv Mr. Mr.

Shiftier, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. , Lord Burghetjh, Sir Charles Remys Mr. Gray, Mr. Greyt Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Long, Sir Robert Long-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Stafford, Northampton, Derby, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from WeIford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands and Great

Wigston, to Mtlston Lane, in the Town of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Baker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Darner, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Millet, Mr. West, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fitzmauriec, Mr. Byde, Mf. Hunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Beauchamp Prohor, Sir John. Hynde Cotton, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Glover, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Cust, Mr. Touchet, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ruftiout, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pryce Camp* bell, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bou-verie, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Way, Mr. Long, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr. Willoughby,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Legh,

Mr. Bond, Six Edward Bayntun, Lord Downe, Sir William Maynard, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Stafford, Derby, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Roth-well, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, tq the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except William Bell, whose Property is of the Annual Value of f. 7, who refused to sign the Bill, but said he was willing to have his Land plotted, but was indifferent about the Inclosure; but laid he would not oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the . Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be

ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr.

Burrard, Lord Grey, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Ward, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Hewett, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Lord Strange, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cust, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Millet, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Hutchins, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Grey, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler,

3 G Mr.

V

Wdfoni

and

Leiceflef

Roads.

Rothwell

Inclosure.

fimtoad

Inclosure.

Wrft minder Paving;

Street Toll*

Great

Grimsby

Roadi.

North

Xilworth

Iadofure.

ao6 40 'Marfii. A. 1765.

Mf. Forrester', Mr. fegh, M Sir

Bayntun, Lord Downe, Sir ,-Sir Jarrit Sinitk, Mr. Methuen, Sir Charley and

all the Members who serve for the Counties fof Worcester, Gloucester, Oxford, Hereford, and Warwick: And they are Ira meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Atl ingrossed Bill for the better enabling the Com-triiffiofoers for putting in execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing. and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Sadit 'George- the Martyr, Saint George, Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of

the Bolls and Savoy, and; that Part of the Duchy of Laniafter which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for.other Purposes ^herein mentioned; to execute the Trulls vested in them by the said Acts; was read the Third. Time.

Resolved, Thatfhe Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for empowering the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within thfc City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls, on Sundays, upon the ' several Roads therein mentioned,'and to apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defirfe their Concurrence.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Lincoln, residing jn and near the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the same was read; and is as followeth;' viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Hildyard and fax. William Lifter, being examined, laid. That the - Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a certain Place called the Upper Sand End, to Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of , is ruin-

ous, and, in many Places, narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby, Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Nezvton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the PaYilli cf Irby, in the County of And that Mr. Whichcot, the Lari of Mr.

Melltfh, and Lord Brownlow Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Kilworth, in the County of Leicester, was committed ;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'- and found the same to be true; and 4hat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bin, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Whitman, who is possessed of Half a Yard Land, and who, being applied to, refused to lign the Bill, because he thinks the Field will not improve; and also, except John Cook, who is possessed of Half a Yard Land, who, being applied to, said, he is olid, and thinks it will not answei in Iris Time; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to-be inclosed, consists of Fifty -Yard Lands arid a Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the fcommittee to oppose the Bill; and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish' of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hunter, Sir Lionel PilkinMr. . , Mr. Waller, Mr. Whichcot, Lord.Strange, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. -Dyson, Mr. Glover, Mr. Coventry,jMr. PrefcMr Mr.

Sir Thomas Caw, Mr. AwrtSjAlr-. Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Anson, Sir John Glynne, Mr .-CSir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Jennings, Mr. GrosvenoK, Mr. Calvert, JV1~- -Reckford,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.. Rice, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Serjeant

Hewitt, Mr. Bacon,. Mr. FonneMr.

Delaval, Mr. Hujfey-, and aff the Members who serve for the Counties of NottinghamLancaster,

Northumberland, Cumberland, and: And

they are to meet this Afternoon,'at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. - <

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported frortv thVOCmmittee, to whom the Petition of Theo Esquire,

on behalf of himself and others, Proprietors of certain Old Inclosed Low Lands, 'adjoining- tbthe N'orth Side of Aftackby and Dows by Fen, in the Ccvihty of was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had ciireCled'him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Measure, being examined, said, That there are several Old Inclosed Low Lands lying within the Parish of Aflackby, containing about 200 Acres, which are frequently overflowed; that the said Lands aui adjoining to the Lands proposed to be drained in the Parishes bf Aftackby and Dowsby, and may conveniently be'dnrtned therewith; and which will be more subject to be overflowed, if not included in the said-proposed Drainage.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-meh who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Ken, in- the Parishes of Aflackby and Dowsby, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Kerr, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for draining and improving certain inclosed Lands and Grounds, called the Low Grounds, containing Two hundred Acres, or thereabouts, lying within-t he laid Parillrof Aftackby, and adjoining to the said Fen.

Ordered, That the'Grder of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow*, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of Wellingborough and of and in the Manor of Weformerly belonging to the College of triland in the Parish of Wellingborough,’ in the county of ,

was committed, be now read.

And the said Crder being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by. the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

Time,'

Brantingham

inclosure.

Aflackby and Dow (by Inclosure.

\VeiI-ng-boron £ii Iricioiure.

5 Geo. III.

Mattii.

207

Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One manufacture it into Hats; and that the Petitioners ob-bf them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, serve, by the Votes, that it is ordered to be an Iflftruc-

by the House

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Road shall not be diverted without the Content of the Proprietors of Harrow den Mills.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

tien to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits is committed; that thefy have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for restraining Persons from keeping Rabbits upon or near any Sea Bank

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the or Sea Wall; and that Rabbits Fur being a very essen-

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

tial and valuable Article in the Hat Manufacture, fend growing in no other Place in the Perfection that it does in this Kingdom, and several Warrens having of late Years, been destroyed, and the Land applied to other Uses, the Petitioners are apprehensive, that a further Dem61i-

L°wtlha

IucMui

which being filled up, the said Clanfe was amended, tion of Rabbit Warrens will be a Disadvantage to the and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the Hat Manufactory: And therefore praying the House, House to be made Part of the Bill. in behalf of this great and valuable Branch of Manu-

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, facture, That if such Clause, or Clauses> be received, to the Bill. they may be so qualified, as to prevent the Consequences

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be apprehended by the Petitioners; and that the Pefition-Ingrossedl ers may have Liberty to be heard, by themselves and

Counsel, if necessary, against such Clause, or Clauses; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming and that they may have Time allowed to prepare proper the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was Evidence from the different Countries, oj^ that1 the

made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands,

lying within the Parish of Lowdham, in the County of

Nottingham, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the fajfl Report.

And the llelidue of the Amendments, made by the to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk, heretofore called Richard Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Se- Hattcorn, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Sur-cond Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, name and Arms of , pursuant to the Will of

lereral of them were disagreed to, and the rest were Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased, without any Amend-agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments ment.

House will give them such other Relief in tlrl^femifes, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

WooHen

Cloth

Manufacture.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,' an Account of the Quantity of white Callicos exported to any Foreign Countries, excepting the ^Colo-

nies and Plantations in America, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, for Four Years, ended at

Hancom’i

Name.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Callicos, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in the East , exported to any Foreign Countries, excepting the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, for Four Years, ending at Chrtjimas 1764;

A Petition of the Makers and Manufacturers of broad Woollen Cloths, in the Borough of Leeds, and West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having seen in the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, from the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the said West Riding, the Grand Jury at the same Sessions, and the* Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and other Manufacturers in the same Riding; and alleging, that these Petitioners not having been previously distinguishirtg each Year, acquainted with the Intentions of the said Petitioners, pray. That, before the several Acts mentioned irr the A Petition of Hugh Owen, Esquire, was presented to "laid Petition, or any of them, be repealed, or any Act the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the late passed in censequence of such Petition, the Petitioners Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the House. for the County of Pembroke, in the room of Sir. John Ordered, That the said Petition be-inferred to the , Baronet, deceased. Sir Richard Philipps', Baronet, Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition and the Petitioner, were Candidates; that the Petitioner of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and been returned; but that John Francis Meyrick, the High for the West Riding of the County of York, the Grand Sheriff, and his Deputies, or Persons by him appointed Jury at the same Sessions, the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, to take the Poll, admitted several Persons to vote for the Clothiers, and other Manufacturers, in the same Riding, laid Sir Richard Philipps, who were not duly qualified.

Account;

White

JCallicoe*.

East India Callicoe*.

Pembroke

ElcSiou-

Fish and Rabbit Stealing.

and refused many to poll for the Petitioner whabadaa undoubted Right to vote; whereby, and by many other partial, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices of the said Sheriff, as also of tt^FAgents of the said Sir Richard Philipps, a pretended Majority was procured in his Fa* your, and he has been accordingly returned to serve id

is referred.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Makers and Venders of Hats made with Beaver, Rabbits Fur, and other Materials, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Pala- . tine of Lancqficr, and Parts adjacent, on behalf of them- Parliament for the said County, in manifest Prejudice of selves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Laws; And Great Britain, was. presented to* the House, and read; therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Setting forth. That great Numbers of Persons are em- Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief ployed in the Warrens, and also in flaying and felling the rein, as shall, upon Examination, appear just. -Rabbits, and in drying and preparing the Skins, which Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be affords a considerable? Traffic, and also in pulling and heard at the Bar of this House.

putting off the Fur, besides the Persons employed to , That the Matter of the said Petition be

Vol. 30. beard

t>8 .4° MartiL A. 1765.

heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Six-

teenth Pay of April next.

Silk iVtfr. 'Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Vfaaub&ur*. tuition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers t)f London, in behalf of themselves, and the Silk. Manufacturers of Great Britain; and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Silk Throwfters and Persons concerned in Throwing Raw Silk, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Silk Throwfters of this Kingdom; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Mercers and Traders in the Silk Manufacture, on behalf of themselves and others following the same Business; and also the Petition of several Hosiers, Frame-work-knitters, and Manufacturers of and Dealers in Frame-work-knitted Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, and Silk Mitts, whose Names are thereunder written, living and residing in the Town of Nottingham, and in several Towns and Places being near to the fame, as well on behalf of themselves as many Hundred of poor Manufacturers and their Families employed in the same Trade; and also the Petition -of the Proprietors and Matters of the several Silk Works in thadffwn of Derby; and also the Petition of several Persons using Thrown Silk in their Manufacturers in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatinp of Lan-easter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Society of the Art or Mystery of Frame-work-knitters of the Cities of London and , and the Kingdom

t>f England, and Dominion of Wales, and also of divers Hosiers and Manufacturers in the said Trade, who live and reside in and about the said Cities, on behalf of themselves and all others concerned in the said Trade; and also the Petition of several Mercers and Traders in the Silk Manufacture, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others concerned in the same Business; and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Silk and Worsted Weavers at K, in the County of Worcester, in behalf of themselves and others; were fc-verally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fact contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Silk Weavers Petition, Mr. John Baker, Mr. Charles Mr. John Sabatiere, Mr. John Lewis, Mr. Lewis Ogier, Mr. John Banyard, and Mr. John Lefouef.all Weavers of Englijfy Silks, being

severally examined, laid. That, for Two or Three Years last past, they have found a very great Decline in their Trade; that the Demand for made Silks was

- - greatly lessened; that Journeymen Weavers were every Day applying to them for Work, which it was not in their Power to give them; and that the Number of Men now employed by them is less than formerly, being gradually decreased for the Two or Three last Years, in some of the Houses 20, and in others 30, in 100; notwithstanding which, several of the Witnesses said, they had a large Stock on hand. Mr. Ogier said, he had £. 2,©oo of Stock on hand now, more than at the Time last Year; and Mr. Baker and Mr. Sabatiere said, they had a great Part of their last Winter’s Stock still by them.

Mr. Lewis Ogier, a Weaver of Flowered Velvets, laid. That in 1761, he had 17 Looms; in 1762, xa; in 1763, 7; in 1764, 3; and at present none. They all of them attributed this Decay to the legal and illegal Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks; and were of 'Opinion if that could be flopped, could

make enough to supply the Consumption of Great Britain, and what is exported from thence.

Mr. Triquett further laid, That there are same Men employed in the Silk-weaving at but they

arelikwife much reduced.

17

Mr. Baker and Mr. Sabatier, being examined with respect to their Knowledge of the illegal Importation of French Silks*, said. That they presumed the illegal Importation was very great. Mr. Sabatiere founded his Opinion on the Number of French Silks that he had known imported as Italian; and Mr. Baker, on the great Number of Seizures that he had known made, many of which he had been sent for to examine, and found them to be French.

The Mercers cross-examined these Witnesses, to shew that the Hands now out of employ worked in the Gauze and Silk Handkerchief Way, which could not be affected by a Foreign Importation. The Weavers admitted, that an Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks would not aflect these Two Branches, and that some Men were out of employ in them, but the Number could not be ascertained; and did not appear to the Committee to be very great.

Mr. Thomas Price, being examined to this Point, said, however. That he believed a good many Men, now out of Employ, had been employed in Handkerchiefs and Gauze, the former of which was in a great Measure gone into Flanders, and the latter into Scotland*

As to the present State of Trade in Spital Fields, he said. That in the present Month, and in January last, he made Inquiry, by himself and 10 others, in the Parish of Bethnal Green, and in Three Parishes only in Spital Fields, One of which he did not go Half over, and found 1,632 Looms unemployed, about 1,300 of which he believed were in the Silk Manufacture, exclu-five of Gauze and Handkerchiefs; and, that, upon Inquiry, he found they were unemployed merely for Want of Work; and that One Loom employs Four Persons, which makes the Number unemployed 5,200. He could not lay particularly in what Branch of the Manu? factory the Decay was, but believed it was in all, from the highest to the lowest

Your Committee, in oraer to fina out the true Cause of this Decay, examined all the above Witnesses, and also Mr. James Johnson, as to the particular Nature of the Manufactory, who agreed, that the Wages to Journeymen Weavers are not raised lately, and that good Workmen may earn from 11 to 15, and some 18 Shillings per Week.

That the Weights of Wrought Silks are as follow: Nine Yards of Ducape to a Pound; Eight Yards of Mantua Silk to a Pound, Eight Shillings the Yard; the lowest Brocade, without Gold and Silver, 7 Yards to a Pound, at Nine Shillings a Yard1; Brocade at Eighteen Shillings a Yard, 5 Yards to a Pound; the highest, at Two Guineas a Yard, Three Yards to the Pound; that in Damalks, of 14 Shillings a Yard, 5 Yards weigh a Pound; and Velvets at Twenty-three Shillings, Three Yards make a Pound.

That the Watte of every Pound of Raw Silk, of 24 Ounces, is in Winding, 5 in Boiling, and 2 in Manufacturing, in all 11 Ounces.

That in Thrown Silk, of 16 Ounces to the Pound, it is Six, viz.4 by Boiling, and 2 in Manufacturing.

That the Price of Raw Silk, on the Average, is 27 Shillings the Pound, and Thrown 32; and that the Duty paid on as much Raw and Thrown Silk together, as will make a Pound of Wrought Silk, is Four Shillings and Eight Pence the Pound, betides the Duty paid in Italy on Raw Silk exported, and Profit to the Middle Man.

That the Expence of varying the Loom for different Patterns upon Brocades, some laid was from to to£.20 according to the Richnefsof the Pattern; and One Wit-nets said it some times amounted to £. 50 and that if Orders could be given for a g-eater Number of each Pattern, the Silk would come cheaper.

That all Silks are sold by the Weavers Wholefile, and that at present very few Silks are exported.

That French Silks have been frequently found without Stamps; from whence they presume there is a great illicit Trade.

Your Committee then examined Mr. Robert Trey, Examiner, Searcher, and Stamper of Foreign Silk? at

the

1

5 Geo. III. 4° Martiu 209

the Custom House, as to the Practice of importing Frenth Silks under the Italian Duty; who said,

That it is very difficult to distinguish French from Italian Silks, particularly if the same Manufacture should be carried on at Genoa and Lyons, and the different Sorts mixed together.

That the Mercers have imported French Silks as lian, and have been permitted, on Application, to change their Entry; that Seizures have been several Times made of French Silks imported as Italian, One of which onlyi has been brought to Trial, and though thought by the Weavers and Mercers to be French, yet Persons have been found to swear, They were the Manufacturers in Italy, and the same have accordingly been adjudged Italian-, which has laid a great Difficulty upon the Officer, because, in many Cafes, he (lands the Expence of the Prosecution: that Seizures have often been given up, though he believes the Silks lb seized were French, and not Italian.

That he believes many Silks are imported from which are really such as they are said to be, and that the Traders enter fairly. He laid further, that he has frequently seized the Manufactures of France, in large Quantities, which have been run; that of late Years he has made more Seizures than formerly; and that Two Judgments have been obtained for £.200, on Seizures of foreign Wrought Silks, illegally imported, found in the Hands of Mercers; since which he has made fomt Seizures in the Shops of Mercers, and out of large Ships.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Price of Labour in France and Italy, in the Silk Manufacture: And for this Purpose they called,

Mr. John Jaques Bougeac, who, about Eleven Years age, had worked at Nifmes and Lyons in France, who fa;d. That in a Mantua, Three Quarters of an Ell wide, the Price paid to the Manufacturer for a Cane (which, as near as he could speak, was 2 Yards was 18

Sous; anti that at London, the Manufacturer would have 20 d.for the fame; that he could work 14 or 15

Yards a Week cf Half Ell Serges, for which he was paid in France Six Sous per Yard, and in England; that for little Sat tins, 8 Sous is paid in France for about a Yard and Quarter English Measur, and that in London they pay 6 d.a Yard; and that from People lately come over, he believes the Workmanship is now the same in France as when he was there.

That the Workman in France finds his own Ilarness and every Thing else; and that he can live much the same at Nifmes, for the Price he is paid there, as at London for the EnglishPrices.

Mr. Philip Riley said, He had worked at Genoa, in 'the Year 1760, in Velvets: That the Price there to tire Manufacturer was 2s- and 4 a Yard for the same Velvet that he would be paid 5*. for here; and he mull here pay One Shilling for the Hire and Standing of I Is Loom.

That Journeymen in Genoa find every Thing, except Loom, Silk, and Wires; and that his whole Expence there, for Lodging, Diet, and a Place to put his Loom in, was 3*. and 6 d.English a Week.

Mr. James Laurence said, he had worked at Paris 18 Months ago, and likewise in September lall; and that the Price of Workmanship was the same each Time; that he worked in plaited Tabby, Haifa Yard wide, for which he had 16 Sous an Ell, and in England for the same Work, 9 d. a Yard.

That he likewise worked Half a Yard wide Damask, at Lyons, for which lie had 26 Sous; and in England for the lame, 2r. and 4 d.a Yard.

That 12 French Inches are equal to x Three Fourths English-, and that French Inches make an Ell.

That his whole Expence at Paris might be or 5 Livres a Week; that at Lyons he could earn 7 a Week, and at Spital Fields 12; and that he could

Vox.. 30.

live better at Lyons for js. a Week, than in London for 12.

That he was in Switzerland, where Two Fabrics are established in Imitation of the French, One at Berne and One at Bahl, which were in a thriving Way.

Your Committee then proceeded to read the Petition of the Mercers, in Opposition to the Weavers; and observing it was signed by 21 Persons, they inquired if the said 21 Persons belonged to so many distinct Houses of Trade; and were informed, that in some Houses, Two, and in others Three, Partners had signed the said Petition; and that the Petitioners upon she whole had no more than 10 Houses of Trade; and your Committee were informed by Mr. Peter Ogier, that besides these 10 Houses, who were Importers, there were above 100 Warehouse Men and Silk Mercers, not Importers, who buy more English Manufacture than those 10 Houses.

To prove the Allegations of this Petition,

Mr. John Peregol, a Weaver of Silks from the High tell, to the rpugheft, was examined, who said, That he employs'more Hands than be used to do, and is fully employed, but that is owing to the Nature of his Trade; which is not to keep a Stock of Goods by him for a general Market, but to work for particular Sftops, whose Patterns cannot be made for others; that this Method of Trade, which he calls a bespoke Trade, is a great Confinement; that if he made on his own Account, and for all the Mercers in general, he could not only make more Silks, but afford them cheaper, because 80 Hands would do the same Work, if he worked on his own Account, as 100 in the bespoke Trade; that the Reason why Silks are dearer in the bespoke Trade, is owing to the few Pieces which are taken of a Pattern (in rich Brocades only Four) which is a very heavy Expence, for the Charge tq the Mailer on every Loom is £.20, and when the Figure is changed, the whole is changed; whereas, as One Set of Harness would make from 18 to 20 Pieces, if he might be permitted to make that Quantity instead of Four, the Expence of the /.20 for the Loom would fall upon the greater instead of the lesser Number.

That this Confinement to Four Pieces of a Pattern is the Occasion of the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks, because it makes ours dearer.

That he is more and more in the bespoke Trade, owing to the Mercers not choosing to have the Patterns which another Shop has; and that if he was not so confined to particular Shops, he could employ more Men, and with greater Ease.

Tirnt many Men have applied to him for Work, which he could not give them; that the Silk Weavery has been declining, gradually, for 2 or 3 Years; and that he supposes some Part of the Men now unemployed, are in the Gauze Way, but cannot lay what Proportion.

'That if no French Silks were imported, he thinks he should make more of every Pattern.

That the general Credit to the Mercer is 11 Months, and the Weaver abates One Yard and a Quarter in every 20 Yards and a Quarter.

That the Price of Labour is not risen; and that a good Workman may earn from 15 to i8r. a Week.

Mr. John Allen, a Mailer Weaver, laid. That he has now 100 Looms at work; that if he had a larger Capital, he could employ more Looms; that in his Trade, which is chiefly in Flowered Silks, there has, to his Knowledge, been no Decreale, nor does he believe in general there has been any Decrease for the lall Two Years, in the flowered Way; that the Gauze Manufacture has been removed to Scotland, and he thinks (but speaks from Conjecture) that the Journeymen Weavers out of Employ, are in that Way chiefly.

That he prefers a bespoke Trade to keeping a Stock of Goods for a Market, because in the former he would not be subject to have Goods left on his Hands, but should fell all he could make.

3 H That

Silk

Manufacture.

Silk

Manufacture.

210 40 Martii. 1755.

That in Fine Goods seldom more than Four Pieces are made of One Pattern in the Flowered Way; but in middling Goods 8 or i« Pieces are made of each Pattern.

That a good Hand can earn from 15 to 18r. a Week; and that a Brocade Weaver can work in the Gauze Way, but a Gauze Weaver cannot work in the Brocade Way.

Mr. Stephen Paris said, he was fully employed in the Brocade Way, and in Flowered Silks, from 7 a Yard to Three Pounds, and believes no good Hands are out of Employ in that Way.

That he has no Stock in hand, being mostly in the be-spoke Way.

That a good Journeyman can get from 15 to 20 a Week, according to his Ability.

That, in his Opinion, the Men out of Employ are Gauze Weavers, who cannot work in those Silks which are affected by Foreign Importation.

And that he never exported any Silks, but has fold for that Purpose.

Your Committee then examined the following Mercers, who had signed t he Petition, as to French Silk.

Mr. William Pickart, in Partnership with Mefirs. Carr and C*, in order to shew the Duty paid on French Silks imported, produced an original Invoice of French Silks, which had. been imported and paid the French Duty, by which it appeared that the Colt of the Silks in France was £.278. its. id. and the Duty £.134. <jr. which is as near as possible to 49 per Cent, on the Cod in France.

The Witness then said, that the Consequence of an Increase of Duty would be a Prohibition, because the few he imported was very small, on account of the Duty being so high.

That Persons conversant in the Business, may distinguish betwixt French and English Silks, though it has sometimes happened to the contrary.

That the Terms of buying Goods in France, are upon such Credit as the Mercers please to take, or if ready Money is paid, the French allow a Discount of 6 per Cent.

That he has heard of French Goods imported as , and seized, about Eight Years ago, but not since.

That he had known One English Pattern of Flowered Damask sent to Italy, to have the Silks made there from it, and then imported.

' That a Government Stamp put upon our own, as well as foreign Silks, would tend to distinguish them from j"uch as were smuggled; and that he thinks Smuggling would be more encouraged by an additional Duty, than a Prohibition.

Mr. Lavie, a Mercer, said, The Duty upon French Silks imported, is £.30 per Cent.

That a total Prohibition would be the Consequence of an Increase of Duty, because the Duties arc already so high, no Mercer could then import for Sale, which would produce a Monopoly amongst the Weavers.

That if there was no Importation of Foreign Silks, the Price of British would be raised, and that the Consequence would be, the Manufacture here would (land (till in the Fancy Way for want of Pattern Drawers, because Variety of Patterns induces People to buy double the Quantity they otherwise would do; and that French Silks would be worn, but they would be got another Way; that since the Prohibition of Gold and Silver Silks the 'Manufacture has decreased, that Prohibition having been attended with a Monopoly and bad Consequences; he declared be was daily wanting those Goods, and could not get them.

That lie has been lucky, and got a Profit upon the French Silks he has imported, though not so much as upon English-, that the Allowance in France is £$ per Cent, for short Measure, and 12 Months Credit, or per Cent, for ready Money.

That he has paid an Allowance lately of Sixpence on los. 6d. on account of Labour, which Advance being

upon the Whole* he cannot so Well judge of it in the Flowered as the Plain Way; but he now pays more than he did Four or Five Years ago.

That the Manufacture in Spital Fields has increased in Six Years fully in Proportion to the Increase of Wear; and that with respect to himself, he has at all Times found a Scarcity.

Mr. Fleetwood,a Mercer, said. That the Duty on

French Silks imported, is £-5 Per Cent.; that an Increase of Duty would amount to a Prohibition; and, in his Opinion, would be of more Detriment to the Silk Manufacture than a total Prohibition, because Smuggling would be thereby greatly increased, which he thinks now at a great Height in Wrought Silks, both with and without Gold and Silver; and that the same is a great Detriment to the Manufactory.

That if the Importation of French Wrought Silks was prohibited, no Designs or Patterns could be got, which w'ould occasion a Monopoly in the Weavers, who at this Time treat the Mercers as if they were their Servants; and though the Mercers lay out annually a large Sum of Money with the Weavers, the latter don’t look upon themselves under the lead Obligation, and refuse to execute their Orders in the Fancy Way.

That the Manufacture of Gold and Silver Silks in England is decreased.

That this Year he could have bought 20 or 30 more Pieces of Silks, if he could have been supplied; and, was it not for the Check of Importation, he thinks the Weavers might impose any Terms on the Mercers.

Being asked, Whether if the Weavers wrere to impose unreasonable Terms on the Mercers, more Weavers would not be induced to let up ? he laid, He thought not, for want of Patterns; and there is no Way of procuring Patterns from France, without permitting the Importation of French Silks.

Mr. Ashburner, a Mercer, said, A total Prohibition of

French Wrought Silks would create a Monopoly in the Weavers, who are now our Matters, and use us as they please; if we want any Thing in the Fancy Way, they either refuse our Orders, or a(k very high Prices.

That this is ow’ing to their being much in the bespoke Trade, which has confined the Business to Two Weavers chiefly; whereas formerly, all the Weavers kept large Stocks of Goods.

That he has not yet this Year been able to make his Assortments for want of Goo is, and has declined dealing with One House, on account of his being ill treated.

That he lays out here ,£.50,000 a Year, and his Orders were never refused by the capital Houi’es till within these 2 or 3 Years; that even Damalks, which are common Things, are not to be procured.

That Fancy Silks imported are for the Sake of Designs, which could not otherwise be got without the Expence of an Agent, who might not know whether they were new.

That he believes the new Method of bespoke Trade, was owing to the Mercers choosing to have Patterns to themselves, and the Ladies not lilung to buy Patterns, which were to be found in all Houses.

That the Mercers cannot establish Weavers, because, in the Fancy Way, they mutt fopport them, which he has tried, and loft Money by it; and they mutt likewise have Pattern Drawers, which is impossible, as the Trade are too jealous of each other to unite.

That the Trade in England is greatly confined for want of Taste, there being no Companion between the Taste of France and England; but that Brocades on white Grounds made in England, are greatly superior to those of France.

Mr. John Pritchard, a Mercer, being examined, said, That a Prohibition of Foreign Wrought Silks would create a Monopoly; that the Mercers are now put to (itch Difficulty to get their Orders executed, that he has been obliged to carry on the Weaving as well as the

Mercery

o

5 Geo. III. 4° Martii.

Mercery Business, One of his Partners being a Pattern Drawer; and that Persons having Pattern Drawers, may easily find Weavers to execute their Designs.

Being aiked (as he was both a Weaver and Mercer) whether the English or French Manufacture was the best? He answered. That the English Execution was preferable to the French, but that the French excel in Taste, and that the Effects of their Designs are obvious.

He further said, That the Ten capital Mercers Houses were almost all that were in the Flowered Way; that others dealt very largely, but chiefly in plain Silks.

Your Committee observing through the Course of this Examination, that the Mercers laid great Stress on the Necessity of having French Patterns, and urged this as a principal Reason why the Importation of French Silks ought to be continued, alleging it to be very difficult to procure inch Patterns, if the Importation was not allowed, thought it proper to inquire particularly into this Fast; and for that Purpose examined the following Mercers on this Head.

Mr. William Pickart laid, That the few French Silks which are now imported, are more for the Sake of Patterns, for the Improvement of our Manufacture, than any Profit arising the reby.-

That for every Piece of French Silk he imports, he can get the Sight of ioo Patterns at least, upon which the Pattern Drawers here improve.

That small French Patterns are of very great Use, the few Pattern Drawers in Eng, who are disengaged, not being able to furnish Designs for all the Looms without them.

That he did not apprehend a Prohibition of French Silks would bring over other Pattern Drawers, as they look upon a Pattern Drawer at Lyons of such Consequence, and give him such high Wages; and that he never knew one born in France come over.

To this Point he was cross examined, and aiked. Whether he did not think a larger Salary would tempt a Pattern Drawer to come over ? To which he answered. He did not know: He was then aiked. If he knew what Salaries were given in France ? To which he like wile an-fvvered, He did not know.

He further laid. That a Profit was made upon the Importation of rich Brocades and clouded Luftrings; but upon the Whole of what they imported they were Losers, and only imported for the Sake of Patterns, which he did not think could be got from the Taylors, Mantua Makers, tsV. in France.

Mr. Lavielaid. That the Importation of Foreign

Silks is of great Consequence on tins account to the English Manufactory of Gold and Silver Silks, as French Patterns are allowed at the Custom House, though in Gold and Silver.

That as the Trade is now circumstanced, the Mercers, Dealers in Flowered Silks, do not exceed Four or Five in Number in London, Two of which have Pattern Drawers confined to their Business; that this Monopoly obliged him to have recourse to a Foreign Importation.

That he imported Foreign Silks for the Sake of Patterns; and though there is little Profit upon them, yet they are necessary for Sale; that this Course of Trade has arisen within Four Years part, before which Time Weavers were wont to make Goods on their own account, and in any Quantity, but of late the Weaver had refilled to make them Silks of less Quantity than 12 Pieces of the same Pattern.

But upon Cross Examination he gave in Evidence, That the increased Importation of French Silks had lessened the Consumption of the British Manufacture; that the British Manufacture would increase if the Foreign was discouraged; and' being asked, Whether if the Consumption of British Silks was thus increased, the Weavers would not have more Demand for their Goods? and whether, if the Motives for preferring the exclusive Engagements to particular Mercers were to

Vol. 30.

lessen, a great Excitement would not be given to others to become Pattern Drawers and Weavers for the common Trade? He only answered. That he did not know, but believed that no Pattern Drawers in this same would be found; he knew no Weavers capable of being set up; he doubted if Pattern Drawers would find it an Object; but alleged no circumstances peculiar to this Business, tending to shew why such an Increase of Demand in so profitable a Trade, would not in this, as in others, and as it has done in this very Trade in former Times, raise up more industrious, capable, and successful Men in Design and Weaving.

Mr. Fleetwood said. That if it was not for the Import tation of Foreign Wrought Silks, it would not be in the Power of the English Weavers to carry on the Trade, for Want of Pattern Drawers, there being only Three in al Fields of any Reputation; Two of which are confined to particular Houses.

Mr. Pritchard said. That prohibiting French Wrought Silks would create a Monopoly, as there are at present no more than Three Pattern Drawers, who are confined to Two Houses; and that this Confinement gives a Power to the Weavers to monopolize, which is already felt in the Article of Gold and Silver Sulk, which are prohibited.

That he does not think a Prohibition of Foreign Wrought Silks would bring over Pattern Drawers, without whom, or the Assistance of French Patterns, this Branch of the Weaving Business could not be carried on.

Mr. John Peregal, a Weaver, who was examined in Support of the Mercers Petition, said, That there are many Pattern Drawers who draw for particular Houses, but only Two in general Esteem; that it is necessary, in the bespoke Trade, to have a Pattern Drawer to himself, and that he should suppose, if we were not supplied with French Patterns, good Pattern Drawers would come over.

That he apprehends the Silk Manufacture has been brought to the present Perfection by the Help of French Patterns, though he does not remember that he ever made xo Silks from French Patterns for the Houses he works for.

Mr. John Allen, a Weaver, laid. That his Trade has been increased by the Importation of Foreign Silks, which has brought in French Designs, and which would be flopped by flopping the Importation, because Patterns are sent from France in Hopes of Orders; that those who keep Pattern Drawers would not feel this Loss, but those are few in Number, there being only Three Houses who have Pattern Drawers of any Note.

That he docs not think Pattern Drawers of Note would come over, unless very great Encouragement could be given them; but if they could be prevailed upon, he is of Opinion that confining tke Consumption to our own Manufactory would increase it.

Several other Weavers were examined to this Point, who said in general. That no Draughtfmen are wanted for the Species of Goods manufactured in Italy, they being chiefly plain Goods; that if more Fancy Goods were made here, it would bring in Foreign Draughtfmen; and that the Copying after French Patterns, is rather done to comply with the present Taste, than from Superiority in the French Designs.

Mr. Peter Cheveney, a Pattern Drawer, being examined, said. That, in his Opinion, French Patterns were so far from being necessary for the Improvement of the Silk Manufacture, that he looked upon them to be a great Detriment, because the copying from French Patterns is a Cramp to the Genius, and prevents the Increase of Pattern Drawers in this Countrythat the Diladvantages are immense, which he can better feel than express.

That the working after our own Inventions, gives a different Taste from the Frenc, and a fairer Chance of the Export Trade than copying from French Designs,

because

sifk

Mtnufitist*.

Silk

Manufacture.

2i2 ' 4° Martii. A. 1765,

because Foreigners will not choose to take from you at Second Hand, what they can get from the French at the First; that by studying from Nature, there is no Bound to Invention, but copying creates Insolence; that if French Patterns were necessary, they are very easily had from France, he himself having imported some for a Weaver who wanted them.

That, in his Opinion, encouraging the Manufactory, is the belt Means of improving Pattern Drawing; for as the Manufactory augments. Pattern Drawing would augment also, which would induce Men of Genius to apply themselves to that Art, and would encourage Pattern Drawers to come over; and that if there was a Penalty, as there is in F, upon a Person’s dealing another’s Design, it would be a further Encouragement to Pattern Drawers.

But being cross examined, as to the Probability of procuring Pattern Drawers from France, he said. That the best Pattern Drawers at Lyons are always taken into Partnership with the Weavers, and that the Salaries to others are very large (he has heard, Six or Seven thousand Livres a Year) and they mult have more, to make it worth their while Jp*come to England, as the Expence of living is about double.

Being asked, Whether the Manufacturers here are capable of executing Flowered Goods as well as they arc at Lyons ?He answered, better in general; that some Goods, particularly Brocades upon a white Ground, were in greater Perfection here than at Lyons-, and that there were none made at Lyons, which could not be made here that he knew of; that he has worked as a Pattern Drawer at Lyons, and that Silks are made there to imitate Italian.

' Mr. P. Trequet confirmed the above Evidence, and

skid further. That he had suffered very greatly in his Manufactures for Exportation by following French Patterns.

And upon the Whole, as to the Evidence given of the Necessity of importing Patterns from abroad, and the Difficulty to be expected in finding, improving, encouraging, and railing Pattern Drawers within this Kingdom, it appeared in Evidence, that Mrs. Wright, a Pattern Drawer of^reat Eminence, who for many Years has drawn Designs for all Sorts of Silks, was never abroad, never received Instructions from any Pattern Drawer, and draw's entirely from her own Fancy; and Mr. Chrceney in particular (who is a Pattern Drawer in great Esteem) declared, That he had learned his Buli-nels in a few Years; that young Men may be so instructed (provided the Master thought it his Interest) as to make such a Progress in 6 or 7 Years, as would enable them to get a good Livelihood, and become very fit to be trusted with Designing, if by the Increase of the British Manufacture, an additional Encouragement

was given.

Mr. Car, a Mercer, being examined to this Point, said. He did not think it in the Power of the Trade to give the Preference to French or English Patterns as they thought fit.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into Italian Silks, and for this Purpose called Mr. Robert Car, a Mercer, who laid, That he imports from Italy plain Velvets, Furniture Damalks, and Mantuas; and he produced an Invoice, by which it appeared, that the Duty on Italian Silks is £.31 per Cent, on the Cost in Italy, besides a further Expence of 3^ per Cent, for Insurance and Freight.

He laid, That formerly Satin from Florence used to be sold here in great Quantities, as like wile Black Silks from Holland, to the Amount, he believes, of £. 100,000 a Year; that both the Satins and the Black Silks are now made here, and that we have gained the Manufactory, hot by additional Duties, but by Industry; and that if a Prohibition was to take place, Fields could not furnish a Quantity sufficient for the Demand; that Genoa Velvet was much superior in Goodness to Velvets

made in Spital Fields, for that the latter would hardly bear the Needle or Embroidery'.

Upon which Head Mr. Gibson, a Laceman, was examined, who said, That he had several Times embroidered English Velvets, and never heard of any Complaint.

Mr. Abram Jevdwin, a Velvet Weaver, was likewise examined, who said, That the Velvet made here will bear Embroider}’; that a good Velvet depended entirely upon the Number of Wires; that he could make as good Velvets in Spital Fields as could be made in Genoa, if he could get a Price for them, but that the Genoa Velvet came cheaper.

And to this Point, Mr. JJohn Jon was examined, who laid. That a Pound of Silk, manufactured into Velvet, and imported into this Country, would cost 56s. whereas the same Pound of Silk would cost 48 here, exclusive of all charges of Manufactory.

Mr. Car further laid, That the Furniture Damalks and Mantuas are not lb good here as in Italy.

Mr. Friquett, in Answer to this, laid. He had made as

good as any imported from Italy.

Mr. Car further said, That he did not think the Art of making Velvets and Furniture Damalks was sufficiently known here for the Manufactory to increase, and go forward, in same of a Prohibition of Italian Wrought Silks.

Mr. Fleetwood, a Mercer, was next examined, and confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Car; as to the Duty, he said further, That Italian Wrought Silks, after paying the Duty, were pretty near the same Price as Silks of equal Goodnels in Spital Fields.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Petition of lundry Mercers and Warehouse Men, not Importers, and for this Purpose called

Mr. Greg Barnston, who said, That the Importing Foreign Silks is a great Detriment to his Branch of Business, and to the Silk Trade in general, and tends to a Monopoly in the Mercers, who are the Importers; that if sufficient Encouragement was given to our own Manufacturers, he thinks they could make as good Silks of every Sort in England as they do in Italy or France-, and that if the Duty was taken off from Raw Silk, or by any Regulation Foreign Wrought Silks were prevented from coming into this Country, it would greatly increase the Wearo i English Silks.

The Evidence was then shewn the Names who had signed this last mentioned Petition, and he said, He thought that the Petitioners bought more Silks manufactured in England than the 10 Houses w!h> are Importers: But being asked on his Cross Examination, if the other Houses were not at Liberty to import Foreign Silks, as well as those 10, he acknowledged that the Importation was open to the whole Trade.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Petition of the several Silk Throwfters, For this purpose they called,

Mr. James le Grew, a Weaver in Spital Fields, who said, That he used English Thrown Silk, and English Or-ganzine, for both Warp, and Shute, or Tram.

That the Difference betwixt Tram and Warp is, that the former is not so hard thrown; that both English Trams and Organzines, when they are of the same Size and Number of Threads are evener, cleaner, more of a Size, and preferable to Foreign; and that the Encouragement of Thrown Silk here would be of great Service ’ to the Manufacturer; that he thinks he can buy Italian Thrown Silk cheaper than the English by is. in the Pound; and that the Foreign Tram is very coarse; he never having seen any so good as the English by 5 or 6s. per Pound.

Mr. John Sherrard said, That he was a Thrower of Silk upon his own Account > that he has employed 1,500 People at a Time, viz. 500 in London, xoo in Gloucester, 400 in Dorsetshire, and 400 in Cheshire, ^Men, Women, and Children; that by the Decay of the

Trade

5 Geo. III. 4* Mar til.

Trade he is now reduefed to iOO in London, and if Affairs don’t take a turn, he shall be obliged totally to leave off} that he has a large Stock on hand, which he has not been able to fell since tljp Year 1762, and the Trade has been decreasing ever since; which he attributes to the Wear of Foreign Wrought Goods, and to the great Quantities of Foreign Thrown Silks which have been imported.

That the Expence of throwing a Pound of Silk into Trams is 4*. and into Organzine 5 s. that in the Throwfters. Trade there are a great many Children employed at 7 Years old, and that in 1,500 he thinks the Proportion is 1,400 Women and Children, and Yoo Men.

Mr. John Gtayhorn, a Throwfter in Spital Fields, said. He had employed 400 People in the Year 1760 hnd 1761; but his Trade has decrealed since, and lie Jiow only employs 70 People, which he is afraid he mull turn off; that the Decrease is owing to the Decay in the Silk Manufacture, and the Importation of Foreign Thrown Silk, which is cheaper than; and to the

Agents buying it up here for France.

Mr. Nathaniel Paterjon, a Throwfter in London, said, T-hat his Mills have in part flood still all this Winter, for Want of Raw Silk.

That Raw Silk comes from China, Bengal, many Parts of Italy, Spain, Sicily, some Parts of Genoa, and from Turkey; that the Bengal and Turkey Silk being very ordinary is used mostiy in the Button, and Twist, and Stocking Way; that it requires very little Labour to throw it, and is consequently of very little Affifiance tq the Throwfters.

- That the China and Italian Silk being extremely fine, Ten Times finer than Bengali in general, is the Species of Silk which employs the Throwfters, and has been the Means of letting up a Number of Mills in Imitation of those originally built by Sir Thomas Loom for Organzining Silk, that 100lb. of Italian or China Raw Silk will employ double the Number of Hands that Bengal or Turkey will; and that White China Silk is absolutely necessary for fine Gauze Silk Stockings.

That an Act of Parliament passed in the Year 1749 and 17.50, by which the Duty on China Raw Silk was reduced to that of Italian, in consequence of which great Quantities of China Silk was imported for the first 8 Years, and there being reason to imagine that the Importation would continue, it encouraged many People, and him in particular, to set up Silk Mills in Imitation of Sir Thomas Loom's, by which many Thousands of People were employed in Organizing Silk for Warp, and Throwing it for Trams.

That the Importation from China has been reduced to such a Degree that no more was brought in, in the Year 1764, than 6,741 lbs. whereas, upon an Average from the Year 1752 to j 760, there was imported from China 140,000 Pounds per Annum.

That the Exportation of Raw Silk is prohibited from Piedmont and Florence, and is loaded with a Duty of 25 per Cent, in the Kingdom of Naples, and One Shilling per Pound of 16 Ounces in the Milanese State, which produces a large Quantity , of Silk for Organzine and Trams; and in Spain it is never suffered to be exported, till their own Manufacturers have certified that they have had a sufficient Supply, and then the Surplus is allowed to be exported under a Duty of 16 per Pound of 16 Ounces. In the Roman State, which produces more Raw Silk than any other State, there is little or no Duty upon the Exportation, and if the Duty be taken off Raw Silk large Quantities would come Raw which now come Thrown; and that the King of Sardinia gives a Bounty of 6d. English per Pound on the Introduction of Foreign Silk, for the Sake of his own Mills; though the Growth of Silk in his County is very great.

That in Florence, from whence the best of all Silk conies for the Use of the Throwfters, the Exportation Yol. 30.

of Raw Silk is prohibited under thC Penalty of Death j which makes much against the English Manufacture.

That the Price of Working Organzine in Turin is 31. 9 d.Eng/ish per lb.; besides which the Throwfter Hands to the Watte, which reduces it to about 2 9 5

and that in England, exclusive of Waste, the same colls about $s. 6 d.; and that Trams are worked cheaper in proportion in Italy: Tram at Milan is worked lor 2 s. per Pound English, and would cost here 4f.; so that the said Difference of Labour in added to the Duty on Exportation there, is more than equal to the Difference of Duty between Raw and Thrown Silk on Importation here.

That it is owing to these Difficulties in getting proper Silk for the Use of the Throwfter the Trade is almost totally ruined, and though it may be true that there is an Increase of Turkey and Bengal Silk, yet the same Quantity of all Sorts will not l'upply the same Number of Hands; and besides these Difficulties there are such Disadvantages attending the English Throwfter, that it is out of his Power to fell the Silk when Organzined so cheap as it can be imported from the Italian States Thrown, for the Exportation being prohibited in some of the Italian States, and in others very high Duties laid, together with the Duty paid in England, it renders the Raw Silk imported here much dearer than in Italy, where they have no Competitors; besides this, the English Throwfters are obliged to buy from the Merchants here, who buy from the Heelers Abroad; fp the Profit of these Two are saved to the Foreigner; who having besides Mills of his own, purchases the Cocons, and has Filiatures of his own.

That by Recolta is meant the Crop of Silk, or the Time when the Worms finish spinning, and the Silk is-in Cocons, which is in the latter End of June: and by Filiature is meant the Silk reeled from the Cocons.

That Organzine Silk is first spun in a single Thread on particular Mills, which was never practised till Sic Thomas Loom's Invention, and when spun it is doubled and thrown hard Two Threads together; whereas Tram, which is only fit for Shute, after being wound double is flack Thrown.

That he estimates above 360,000 lbs. of Organzine Silk is used per Annum in England; and that all the Mills now erected in this Country could throw in Organzine about One Ninth Part of the whole Quantity; and if proper Encouragement could be given, he thinks a great many more Mills would be erected; that in his Building he has Eleven Mills, of which Five are now Handing Hill; and that the Remainder, he is afraid, will be employed to Loss, but he keeps them in Employ merely to keep the Hands from starving.

That the Organzining Silk has lain under great Disadvantages for many Years pad, as the Thrown Silk comes cheaper from Abroad, but People often embark in building Mills without considering these Disadvantages.

That he lived with Sir Thomas Loom when there was no Prohibition in Italy of the Exportation of Raw Silk; and^that Sir Thomas often told him, if he had known before he built his Mills that the King of Sardinia would have prohibited the Exportation of Raw Silk, he should not have done it; and that the Notion which prevailed of Sir Thomas getting his Fortune by his Mills, which was a Mistake, he believed was the Occasion of other People building Mills likewise; that he does not think upon an Average of 7 Years it has been a losing Trade, but that it certainly has this last Year or Two; and that Mr. Lloyd, who bought Sir Thomas's Mills, he believes, from his own Loss, loft £. 1,000 by a Sale last Week on 7,000 Pounds Weight of Silk; and he thinks the Trade will lose for the Time to come, if some Relief is not given.

That the Remedy he would apply is to give some Encouragement to bring in Raw Silk from those States in Italy which do not prohibit the Exportation of it, but

31 he

214

4° Martii. A. 17

Silk

Manufacture.

he does not think that those States which do prohibit the Exportation will be prevailed upon to allow it.

That Silk has been exported from hence and taken the Drawback, and then been manufactured and brought back here} and that it has likewise been sent Abroad to make Blond Lace, supposed to be brought back into this Country.

That he is about 5 Weeks Organzining 150 Pound Weight of Silk, going through the whole Process of it.

That the Organzine Mills can work Tram as well as Organzine, and that there ane a great Number of Silk Mills in this Kingdom which do not work Organzine, but having adopted the Italian Winding Engines, which is Part of Sir Thomas Loom’s Discovery, work large Quantities of fine Trams.

Upon the whole the Evidence laid. That the Italian Throwfter, by the Advantages which he has in providing upon the Spot the Raw Silk on much better Terms than the English Throwfter can, and by getting such

Silk in Italy thrown at is. to is. 6 per lb. left than the English Throwfter can, is able, notwithstanding the Difference here in the Duties of Raw and Thrown Silk, to furnish this Market with Thrown Silk, which cods him is. (id. to is. per lb. leis than Silk of the same Quality will stand the English Throwfter in; therefore the English Manufacturer of Thrown Silk cannot be near upon a Par with the Italian, unless the whole Duty be taken off

Raw Silk, or an Equivalent thereto granted in Favour of the English Throwfter.

That the Art of Sizing Silk in the Stocking Manufactory h is been lately found out, which is of great Ufo, and employs great Quantities of Thrown Silk.

That there are 7 Mills in England that work Organzine on Sir Thomas Loom’s Principle, and that such Wills can also work Tram.

Mr David Hall a Silk Throwfter at Macclesfield, said. He had been in Trade 5 Years; that in 176a he era-

Stayed 200 People; that he was obliged to leave off his lufiness for Want of Employ* and came to Town last Sunday Fortnight, and could not get any.

Mr. B/ackJone, a Throwfter, being examined, laid, That his Mills have been but Two Thirds employed for the last Two Years; and that he has now 3,000lb. Weight of Tram lying by him, which he imputed to the high Price of Italian and China Raw Silk, and the small Demand from the Weavers; that he formerly employed 380 Hands, and at present no more than 230; and that from his own Knowledge, and from Letters and Accounts which he had received from several Parts of England, which he produced to your Committee, and which are hereunto annexed, N° 1. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.

S. 10. 11. 12, he apprehended the Trade to be greatly eclined in general.

That in proportion as this Business declines many People will be deprived of Work, who are not employed in Throwing Silk, as he believes from 12 to 15,000 People are employed in working up the Waste, which is made into Ferrets, Stockings, Knee Garters, Fringes, and Sewing Silks; which Trade would be ruined with the Throwfters; and that there has not been a sufficient Quantity of Waste lately to supply the Demand.

That English Tram bears the same Price now as for Two Years past, and that Foreign Tram is cheaper than English by 3 s.or 4 s.in 33*.

That the Number of Mills in England for Throwing Tram are upwards of 60; and he apprehends theft Mills are One Third unemployed.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine Evidence in Support of the Petitions of the Frame-work-knitters j And,

Mr. John Moirice, a Holier and Frame-work-knit-ter at Nottingham, laid, That this Trade has very much

decreased there of late Years; that it has declined about One Half; that in 1760 and 1761, 1,300 Frames were employed in Nottingham Town in the Silk Branch, and 20

in 1764 only 800; and that each Frame employs Three People, Men, Women, and Chiklren; and that the Decrease in Mitts and Gloves is Three Parts in Four; and that Frames, which in 17602nd 1761 Ibid.from £. 23 to £. 28, now fell only from 10 to 12.

That the Manufacturers have good Stocks on hand and little Demand, and that he imputes this Decrease to the legal Importation and Smuggling of Stocking, Gloves, and Mitts.

That the Duty is high enough at present to prevent the legal Importation, but that some are legally imported tP conceal the Smuggling of others; that the Witness has loid but 3 or Dozen of Stockings in the last Three Weeks; and that he has fold 50 or 60 Dotes in the same Time in former Years, at the same Time of the Year.

He laid. It was easy to distinguish French Stockings from English; but upon his Croft Examination he acknowledged the French might make them exact Iy the fame:

And that if the English Hosiers were to put any Stamp or Mark on their Stockings, the French might easily-counterfeit it.

That, at present the French Gloves and Mitts are not made upon a Frame, as the English ant, which makes-them very distinguishable.

In Support of the Petition of tire Frame-work-knitters of London and Westminsterthe Agent called,

Mr. Charles Tyrcle, a Holier and Manufacturer in Fleet Street, who said. That the Manufacture had increased for some Time, but that for or 5 Years last: it had declined, particularly in Gloves and Mitts; and that he imputed this Decrease to the Foreign Importation; but acknowledged he had always better Trade in War than Peace.

Mr. Obadiah Wright, a Holier in London, laid, He-believed all the Foreign Gloves and Mitts fold in London are run, and that 100 Foreign are fold for One English.

That many French Stockings are smuggled into London, and that a Person at Dunkirk would have lent him any Quantity of Stockings without paying the Duty, but he refused them, though the Person offered-to stand all the Hazard of their being seized, and to deliver them at his own Shop.

That it is very easy to smuggle these Goods, as the Captains of Ships take the whole upon themselves.

That he does not think Silk Stockings can be made so cheap here as in France, on account of the Duty and Price of Silk; but we make them better, and could make them as cheap if the Silk was as cheap.

That he does not think the French could make them like us if they had the Patterns, and that he could' hitherto, always distinguish them; and that if the French were to make the Clock, &c. like the English, they could not fell them so cheap as they do.

That the Price of French Mitts is 20 or nd. per Pair, and the English 30 s.a Dozen; and that the Silk in England without the Manufacturing, would come to as much as the French Mitts.

That this Manufacture in London has very much declined.

That the French Silk Stockings are not so well made as ours, but the Silk is excellent, and they wear well.

That he was applied to to make Silk Stockings to a French Pattern, which cost 5J. 3 and that he could not make them under 6s. 6d.and if we could foil such Stockings we could not make them so cheap.

Mr. George Alcock, being examined as to the Drawback on Exportation of Silk Stockings, said, It was i$d. per lb. and 3*. per lb. on the Silk Manufacture made by Weavers.

Mr. Burton, a Frame-work-knitter in London, laid. He formerly employed 20 Frames, now 9 or 10.

That, Quality and Price considered, he could make Stockings, as cheap as in France.

He

w

c Geo. Ill a? MdrtH, 2!

He was shewn a Pair of Stockings, and being asked the Price, he said. They would core 4J. 9 in and he could make them in London for 15 and fell them for 4*. 6 d.

Being asked, he said, He thought French Workmen could not make Stockings but what might be distinguished from English.

Mr. /Fright.was called again, and aiked what he

could make those Stockings for what Mr. Burton Valued at 45. 6 d.to which he answered. He could make them few about 4k. and the Workmanship would come to about nd.

Mr. Bttrion, being again examined, said, He could make Stockings as cheap as the if he had Vent

for them-, and he'could'make the Stockings which were shewn before for 4*. gd. or 4J. 6 and get Money by them.

Mr. Thomas Moore, a Hosier and Manufacturer in London/as to the State of the Trade, said, He had been in the Bufirrefs near 27 Years: that when he first began, the chief Confiimption was Thread and Cotton Stockings, and feme few weighty Silk; that about 18 Years ago, some lighter Silk Stockings were introduced from France, since which Time that Manufacture has increased gradually, till within this last Year or Two; since which the Trade in general has declined, though his own Bufinelshas not; and he believes One Third of Frames in London now want Employment.

As to the Goodness and Price of the Manufactures of the Two Nations, he said. He never thought the French had much the Preference. As to the middling Sort, we exceed them in Goodness, and are not much above them in Price; that they make a (lighter Sort cheaper, and in the (lighted Goods of all the English have not done much yet; that he has seen some French Stockings, that tk> finer than Engljh, particularly One Pair, for which lie gave 33;. but that he could make (ueh, and as cheap, or cheaper than that; and on the whole, he said. He was certain* Price and Quality considered, the English are preferable to the French.

He give it as his Opinion, That the Importation of French Gloves and Mitts did more Prejudice to the English tliaft their Stockings; for as they are made with

Bobbins, and the English with Frames, the French are about One Fifth cheaper, and great Quantities arc fold in London.

That he never (aw any Gloves made with Bobbins in England; for though he applied to the Manufacturers in Buckinghamshire for this Purpose, a few Years ago, the Demand for Blond Lace was then so great, that they whidd not undertake it.

That in his Business he works about One Half for Exportation; that he has exported many Stockings to Portugal, but thinks that Trade dccreased.

Mr. Trott, being again examined, said, That many Gloves and Mitts are imported now; which are entered as Wrought Silk.

Being asked, If he could" devise any Method tbftamp Home Manufacture, or French, (b as the Stamp could not be counterfeited ? he said, No Doubt but all Stamps are liable to be counterfeited, but we have a Cheque to our Stamp at the Custom House, which we apply to, when we are apprehensive of any Counterfeit.

He then produced a Seal, which is affixed to Pieces of Silk, with a Cheque to it, which he was of Opinion could not be counterfeited.

He also produced a Stamp, that he cal* put upon Stockings, Gloves, and Mitts; and he said the Mark was a chymical Preparation, and would not easily wadi out.

And said, That 18,956 Pairs of Gloves and Mitts*, and 647 Pairs of Stockings, were stamped, from March to November last.

Being aiked. Whether, if there was a total Prohibition of Foreign Wrought Silk, and a Stamp Office established, to (lampthe British Manufacture, Smuggling

could be prevented

He said, they might then be known; and he thought Smuggling more likely to be prevented under a' Prohibition-, than under a high Duty.

That he thought a Prohibition of all Gloves and Mitts that are not knitted, would tend to establish the Manufacture in England, because the Officers would know them: But they might dill be run > for though Ribbands are prohibited, many are fmyggled.

T

APPENDIX.

N* I.

Mr. Rickard,

S I R,

Macclesfield^ 9th February 1765.

INCLOSED are Seven Throwfters Accounts of the State of their Works, from 1760 to 1765, attested by the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseer of the Poor, of this Town; and likewise the Minister’s and Overseer’s Representation of the present State of the Poor; and that there are 1 a Throwfters of inferior Note, that were used to employ 1000 Hands, that now almost (land still for want of Work, — 111 our last Letter we told you, Mr. Stafford would be ki London the latter End of this Week; and as the principal Part of his Btrfinefi is to attend Parliament, he can be of great Service in our Bill; so desire you’ll apply to him, as (bon as you receive this; and if it is thought necessary, he will attend the Committee with tire enclosed Accounts. He is to be met with at Mr. Edwards, Stationer, in the Cloysters. — If it is thought necessary to fend a. Petition to Parliament from this Town, Stockport, and Leek, and Congleton, fend us down a Form, and it shall be returned as (bon aspoffible. — If we can be further serviceable in the Country, in the above Adair, you’ll please to let us know. — Wishing Succeis, we are. Sir,

Your most obedient Servants,

Glover & C%

VOL.30.

Silk

Manufacture.

ai6

4® Marin* i 765,

K' it

Ifanu&anw, S TAT E of the Works, and the Number of People employed in Throwing of Raw Silk, for Four Years

last past, belonging to Bradburh and Gosling, in Macclesfield,

1761

1762

1763

*764

Mills employed. 7 Pair - - - People employed* 271

5D» - - - - 200

3 d* - IlO

1 D* ... - 3°

And in the last Year the above Works have been unemployed Two Months, and now are-all unemployed.

We believe the above to be a just and true Account. Witness our Hands, the Ninth Day of February 1765,

James Roe, Minister.

} Church

Ridley, Overseer.

N* III.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Mills and Hands employed by Philip Clowes, Macclesfield, in the Yeaqt

1761, 1762, 1763, and 1764.

To 20 Pair Mills 19 D* -16 D* -10 D# -

Hands.

720

690

540

37°

in 1761 in 1762 in 1.763 in 1764

We believe the above to be a just and true Account.

Witness our Hands the Ninth Day of February 1763. James Roe, Minister.

John Wright,

«*. X

Sam. Glover, j Ct. Ridley,

Churchwardens.

Overseer.

N* IY.

A STATE of the Works, and the Number of People employed in Throwing of Raw Silks, for Four Years

last past, belonging to Swaine and Gofiing, in Macclesfield, Cheshire.

1761

1762

1763

1764

Mills employed.

4 Pair

3 S'

3D»

1 D°

People employed.

229

190

35 ’

And in the last Year the above Works have been unemployed Two Months, and now arc all unemployed.

We believe the above to be just and true . Account.

Witness our Hands, the Ninth

James

John Wright, Sam. Glover, Ct, Ridley,

Day of February 1765. Minister,

J Churchwardens. '

Overseer.

5 Gteo. III.

4° Martii.

£17

N"V.

A 5TAT*E of the Silk Mills- belonging'to Rradoc and Hall, Macclesfield, For Four Years pict.

Yean.

1761

1761

'*765

1764

N° of Mills.

9

9 O’

6 D* x DV

People employed. J6®

36°

260

20

We believe the above to be a just and true Account. Witness our Hands, the Ninth Day of February 1765.

James Roe, Mini Iter.

John 7 Churchwardens.

Sam. Clover, 3

Ct. Ridley, Overseer.

Silk

Manufacture.

N* VI.

A STATE of the Silk iMifls belonging to Lankford, and Stafford, of Macclesfield, For Four Years

past, on Sir Thomas L Construction.

Year.

1761

1762

1764

6 Mills 6 Mills 5 Mills 3 Mills

Buuh Mills.

2 Pair 2 Pair 1 Pair 1 Pair

People employed.

35°

280

We believe the above to be a just and true Account. Witness our Hands, the Ninth bay of February 1765.

James Roe, Minister.

| Churchwardens.

Ct. Ridley, Overleeh

N* VII.

A STATE of the Silk Mills belonging to Glober and C* of Macclesfield, made after Sir Thomas Loom's

Model.

Year.

1761

1762

1763

1764

8 Mills 8 Mills 6 Mills 3 Mills

We believe the above to be a just and true Account

Witness our

Dutch. People employed.

2 Pair - 400

2 Pair ‘ - - 400

1 Pair - JOO

x Pair mm m - 180

Hands, the Ninth Day James Roe, of February 1765. Minister.

John might, Sam. Glover, Ct. Ridley, Churchwardens, Overseer.

Vo 1. 30.

3*

4.

2l8

4° Martii.

» A.

4.1765.

N* VIIt.

Silk

Manutatikure.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Number of Mills.and Hands employed by fV. Hall,.Macclesfield, in the Years

1761, 1762, 1763, and 1764,

To 2 Pair i Mills 2 Pair Mills 1 Pair $ Mills 1 Pair Mills

Hands. 140 120 90

70

ty6t

* 1762

1763 > 1764

We believe the above to be a just and true Account.

Wittjefs our Hands, the Ninth Day of February 1763.

James Roe, Minister.

H. oZar', } Churchwardens. Ct, Ridley, Overseer.

N* IX.

Derby, February 5, 17

SIR,

I received yours Yesterday, and immediately communicated the Contents to the rest of the Trade in this Town, who, at this Time, are all under Difficulties from the Stagnation of it, Mr. Bennett has drawn up a Petition to oar Members in Parliament, which we have signed, setting'forth the Number of People that are employed by the Throwfters in this Town, which are to the Amount of a,oooo People, Men, Women, and Children, praying them to use all their Interest in behalf of the Petition that is to be delivered to the Honourable House. I would gladly have answered jours fully in every Point mentioned; viz. as to particular Number Mills, Swifts,.'and People, would they have come into it. Mr. Bennett and Stamford say they will lend a satisfactory Account, byt what Mr. Bennett does is through Mr. Lloyd, so that my single Account, I suppose, can be of no Use; it is certain that for some Time past not Half the Number of People hereinmentioned are, or can be employed, and those that are* are not employed whole Days; a melancholy Consideration, and calls loudly for

[ The Remainder of the Letter, to the is torn J

As to the Silk ypu mention, we can do you what Quantity you please, for at this Time we run very low, and shall take it as a Favour if you could lend some directly. As to Price I will not differ with you, but wiU go as low as the Silk will admit of Our Compliments wait on Mrs, Blackburn,

To Mr. Blackburn, at the Half Moon, Woodjlreet,

Cheapside,

London.

N*X.

We the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseer' of the Poor of Macclesfield, in the County of , do hereby certify, that the Number and Necessities of the Poor of Macclesfield aforesaid, are greatly increased within the Space of Twelve Months last past, occasioned (as we believe) by the great Decrease of the Silk Throwfters Trade in the said Town;, and that many Persons heretofore employed in the said Trade; who maintained themselves and Families with Credit, have of late, for want of Employment, beeiK^bligid to apply for Relief, and are reduced to great Distress.

We do also certify, That, besides the Silk Throwfters, the State of whose Mills is herewith prefen ted, there are not left than Twelve of inferior Note in the said Town, who did, in the Years 1761 and 1762, empioy to the Number of One thousand Hands, or thereabouts, which are at this Time almost, if not entirely, at a stand for want of Raw Silk to manulaAure. Witness our Hands, the Ninth Day of February 1765.

James , Minister of Macclesfield?

Tam. G&, } Churchwardens,

Ct. Ridley, Overseer.

Silk

Manufaltyr#/

5 Geo. III.

4° Martii.

*J9

N*X}.

A true STATE of several Silk Throwfters in London, in the Years 1761, 1761, 1763, and 1764; via.

Men, Women, and Children, employed in Spragg, Hopkins and White ----- John Graham - , )tyi PP7t)p/l m _ — mm m mm a 1 . mm m 1761 1762 *763 1764

800 359 400 . 300 30c , 700 240 309 200 200 300 120 170 130 ’ 5°

500

7'riquett and Bunney - - - -Sam Nicolls - Number of Hands employed ip - - - - 3°o 390

1,100 *.15° 1 7 1*^40 ^70

N* XII.

A true STATE of several Silk Throwfters in Macclesfi in the Years 1761, 1762, 1763, 1664; v/S?.

Men, Women, and Children, employed in - 1761 1762 1763 1764

Phillip Clows ----- Glover and C* — — — . — . — - - -Bradock and Hall ----- Langford, Robinson, and C° - - - -, Rradbum and Gojling - IV. Hall - - - 720 400 Q60 35° 271 229 140 69O 400 36O 350 200 I9G 120 549 300 260 280 no 123 99 370 180 2Q l8o 39 35 70

Number of Hands employed ----- 2,47° 2,310 hr03 88 5

Besides the above, there are not less than Twelve Silk Mills of inferior Note in the said Town, which did, in the Years 1761 and 1762, employ to the Number of One thousand Hands, or thereabouts, which are at this Tima almost, if not entirely, at a ftaud for want of Raw Silk to manufacture.

I- " 1 1

Militia t*»y and CJothing.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant March, resolve itletf into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Report.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of thcrCharge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called. and of the Amount of the 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of a Captain, for One Tear, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765, 1

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Colonel Hotham, Lord Strang, Mr. BmtUo Sir Jph»

Vo;,. 30,

burner, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Nugent. Mr. Wkichcot, Mr,

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cuj Mr. , Mr. Bxd<rf Mr. Calvert, Sir RogerNeivdigate, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Pitt, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

General Conway, Mr. Bertie, Lord Barrington, Mr! Pratt, Mr. Yorke, Sir Armine Mr. Harris,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Ridley, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Lutirell, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt. Colonel Howe, Mr. Glover, Mr. Martin, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Grenville, Sir George Savile, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Lord Hinchinbroke, Mr. Whately, Mr Mr. Fomereau,

Mr. Ryder, Mf. Rigby, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. John Pitt, Lord Grey, Lord Charles Montagu, Sip Jarrit Smith, Lord fhomond, Mr. Mawbey, !yj

1

420

4° — £* Martii. A.

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Milles, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

Dyj rou, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Gray, Lord Howe, Mr.

Morton, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Orwell, Mr. 5° Martii J

Shaftoe, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dempfier, General Grceme, Mr.

Ongley, Lord George Sackville, Lord Downe: And they Anno 50 Georgii III'11 Reg is, 1765.

are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

Praters.

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the it>th Year of the Reign of~King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for regulating the Privy Council, and for taking away the Court, commonly called the Star Chamber, might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question being put, respecting That Leavebe given to bring in a Bill for Relief of His Intonation* M~efty’s Subjects, touching Informations in thfe Court Attorney of King’s Bench, by and in the Name of His Majesty’s General Attorney General;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Men for the Yeas, - Idlers ibr the N<*s,

MR.Hewett reported from the Committee, to whojjt.

the Bill for amending the Road from the Pinfold, in Balby, in the County of York, in the County of Nottingham, was cotriiftitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

So it paCTed in the Negative. Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend several Acts, palfed in the The other Orders of the Day being read; Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in

like of Man. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones consider what Rights of the Proprietor of thel/le of End in Kent Street, and Street, Southwark,

Man, under the several Grants of the feidllland, it may to Hartford, and to the Extent of the Parjlh of Lewif-be expedient to vest in the Crown, for the further and ham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Kent: and for extending the said Act to the Repair of Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, the Roads leading from the End of the present Turn-from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the pike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to the End laid Bland; and what Compensation it may be proper of Bromley Common, next Famborough, and to the Stones to make to the said Proprietor, in respect thereof. End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End

of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee -, and for making Clandestine Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- an Allowance, out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, Marriages. Jng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the House, to consider further of the Bill to repeal an Act, 2 ad Year of King George the Second, for opening and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Parish of St. John, Southwark, to and through the the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in laid Road in Repair for the future: And the same was Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of received; and read the First Time.

Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, which have arifon, or.may arile, concerning the Validity , of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to laid Ad; and for the regulating Registers; and for Order, a Bill for draining and improving certain Low, preferring the Evidence of Pedigrees. Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boson Haven

and Bourn, in the Parts of Kepevt* and Holland, in the Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and toi Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole read the First Time.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Siipply.

Fiffi and Rabbit Stealing.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedrsefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming the Allotments of, and for inclosing, the Common, and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sebrah otherwise in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and render more effectual an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High;

through LktJewerth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Sioni Bridge, in the County of ,to Maxey

Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High -Road there: And the same was received; and read the Fiaft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

Balby

Pinfold,

See.

Road.

Southwark

to

Daitford

Roads.

Bourne

Drainage.

Sebraham

Inclosure*

Spalding

High

Bridge,

&c.

Road.

lanchester

and

Salford

Street*.

Mansfield

to

Kelftidge

Road.

Penn Inn Road*.

5 Geo. III. 50 Martii. 22i

' The Lord Strange prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Tallages, within the Towns of and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for establishing a regular Watch, and for providing Fire-Engines arid Firemen; and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred'; 'That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Gladwin said, That he knows the Road leading from the A If 'retonTurnpike Road, near a Place called

Little Robins-, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road near Tanjley, in the County of Derby; and from Woolley , to the Ckefieifield Turnpike Road at Kelfiidge, in the Parish of Ashover, ifr the said County of Derby.

That the said Roads are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the lload from the A/freton Turnpike Road, near a Place; called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Wholtey Moor, to' thO Nottingham Turnpike

Road,- near -Tanjley, in the County of $ and from Whollty Moor, to tht-Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby: And that Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Gray, Lord George Cavendifk, and Mr. Hewett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees, appointed to put in execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between and Bcamifier,

in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, a Bill is now depending before the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Road from the North Turnpike Gate, at the South End of the Town of to the Entrance

into Beamifier Wood, otherwise Wood Common, and to

Lenkdm's Water, both within the Parish of Beamifier aforesaid, is in a very ruinous Condition, being very narrow, incommodious, and liable to be overflowed, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and drained, by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore- praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and: to include the said Road in the said Bill now depending before the House, for the Purposes aforesaid; and to order and direct that the same may be amended, widened,-drained, and- repaired, by and out of the Tolls arising upon that Part of the Road ly ing between the Towns of Bridport and Beamifier, without erecting any Turnpike Gate,-or collecting any Tolls, upon the Road tha Petitioners are desirous of having included therein; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the VoL. 30.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Coventry, Mr, Fitzherbert,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Harbord, Lord Dozune, Mr.

Walcot, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Orwell, Mr. Webb, Mr*

Seymour, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Drake, Mr.

Sir Frantss Drake, Mr. Garth, Mr. Burt, Sir Cave, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Ryder, Sir John CottoH,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Herne, Sir George Pigot, Mr. Montagu, Mr. ShiJfneT,

Lord Strange, Mr. Burrell, Mr, Thoroton, Lord Johti Cavendish, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kynafiott, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Shuttleworth; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to;

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Recoids.

A Bill for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for Stump Crof* repairing the Road from Stump Crof to Newmarket _ f°., Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire Road.5 to Cambridge, and Other Roads adjoining thereto; so far as the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hynde Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordaimt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Drake, Sir James,

Mr. Rest, Mr. Gray, Sir ’Thomas CaVe,' Mr. Harbord,

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. - I loll.

General Howard, Sir George Savile, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Willoughby, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Coventry, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bond, Mr. Waller, Lord Downe, Mr. Parker, Mr. Walcot, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Howard, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Garth, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr.

Herne, Mr. Barrow; and all the Members who lerve for1 the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

The House was moved, that the Petition of Thomas Ditto. Patterson, of Hauxton Mills, in the County of Cambridge,

Oil Merchant, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the fejd Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Hart (horn cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fe- Inclosure-veral Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartshorn, in the County of Derby: And the fame*was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

... 1

Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom Kipping* the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading Cross

from the Turnpike Road at Kippings , in the Parish Ro*d*

of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Bretichley, Hprfemonden, and Goudhurst, by the Left-hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilfiey Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudlturfi Gore, through the Parish of Mar-den, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Un-

3 L

22®

5° Mar lit. A. 1765.

Efbtw of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

North

Kilworth

Inclosure.

Compton

to

Axminster

RoaU.

derden Green, in Mar den aforesaid, to in

the County of Kent ;was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under certain Redactions therein to be limited, was committed, be taken into Confederation upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Kilworth, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of North Kilwin the County of Leicester,

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into execution, or Creditors under the Security of, an Act,

gifted in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ing George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Whitejheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrexv, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and,

in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House, in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads, near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and also an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the aforesaid Act, and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have made a very considerable Progress in repairing and amending the same, and for that Purpose have taken up at Interest £. 3,500; and that the said Road cannot be completed without taking up more Money; and that the Tolls at present are not sufficient to answer and make good the Interest of the Money already borrowed, and make and keep the said Road in good and sufficient Repair, by reason of several Turnpike Roads having been made near to the aforesaid Road; and that the Petitioners find Application is made to the House, to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act, made for repairing and widening the Road from the said Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Compton, through Yeovil, Grewkeme, and Chard, to the East End of the Town of Axminster,

and several other Roads round the said Town of Teovil, so far as the same relates to the Road from Bridge, to the East End of the Town of Axminster', and for repairing and widening the Road from Chard through Stockland, to Honiton, in the County of Devon; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the carrying the said Road from Chard, through Stetklfnd, 19 Honiton, will 20

be of great Service to Persons travelling from London to Exeter, as it will be many Miles nearer, and may enable' the Petitioners, the Trustees, well and sufficiently to repair and amend the feme, and thereby make the Petitioners, who have lent such Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, more easy in respect to their Security: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass, and that the said Road from Chard, through Stockland, may be taken in and repaired thereby, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lewis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernft, and John Michael Platz, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Conunittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir James Dashwood preftnted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somerton, in the County of Oxford: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Township of Ulrome, otherwise Owram, in Holderness, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Township of Vlrome, otherwise Owram, in Holderness, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

By an Act of Parliament of the 29th Year of his late Majesty it appeared, that certain Tolls were granted to the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London, for1 improving the Passage over, and the Avenues leading to, London Bridge, and for enlarging the Arches thereof.

And by an Act of the 31st Year of his said late Majesty the said Tolls were discontinued, and a Sum of Money granted in lieu thereof.

And by an Act of the 2d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Passage through the Tower of St. Magnus's Church, and to erect a Vestry Room and Engine House for the Use of the said Parish.

Then Peter Roberts, Esquire, Comptroller of the Bridge Accounts, produced to your Committee,

A particular Account of what has been received and paid under the Acts for the Improvement of London Bridge, together with what remains due; and he also produced Vouchers for each Article in the said Account.

And by the fiud Account it appears,

'That

His (and others) Nat.

Somerton

Inclosure

Ulroma

Inclosure.

Londock

Bridge.

Cambridge

RcwL

Britisht

FUhoy.

5 Geo. -III. 50 MartU.

That there has been received - -

That there has been paid -

Thit the Work done amounts to - -

The Works remaining to be done to

Bo that there remains a Deficiency of - *.

- £ k>3.*9* 16 si

- 1,387 10

85,786 18 4$

85,041 *3

104,686 is ji 18,899 *4 si

— sgfcaferrn — — mi

Ordered, That the said Report dd lie upon the Table, late Years have arrived in perfect good Order , for the

Consumption of the said Colonies; that, notwithstand-A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge ing the great Losses the Petitioners have sustained, they the Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of His are dill desirous of carrying on this Branch of Com-

Erefent Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and merce, which affords Employment for a great Num-eeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cam- ber of poor Persons, and useful Artificers, and is a bridge to Ely, and from thence to Sokam; and for build- Means of training up a Body of Seamen; but the Peti-ing a Bridge cross the River Ouse, at or near a Place tioners art unable to carry on the lame, unless the House called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge’, and shall think fit to continue the Interest upon the Money

for repairing and widening and making several other they have raised and employed in this Undertaking;

Roads adjoining to the Rood dirrfted to be repaired and also to continue the Bounties upon the Vessels they and widened by the said Act; was read a Second Time. shall employ during the remaining Term of their Charter;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John which will expire the 22d Day of 1771: And

Hynde Cotton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Grey, Sir Charles Mor- therefore praying the House to take the Premises into daunt, Mr. Kynhftou, Mr. Drake, Lord Downe, Mr. Confederation, and to give the Petitioners such Relief Settle, Mr. Walcot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Best, Mr. therein, as to the House shall appear most proper.

Dowdeswell, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr Gore, Ordered, Thar the said Petition be referred to the

Sir Francis Delaval, Mr. Pye, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Charles Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Hardy, Mr. Kelt, Mr. Whithcol, Sir James Da/hwood, mine and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast con?

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Bond, Mr. tained in the said Petition.

Tovm/hend, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Parker, Sir George Savile, And it is referred to Lord Orwell, Sir George Pocock,

Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for Mr. Seymour, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir John,

the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Suffolk, Mr. Fuller, Lord Barrington, Sir Hynde Cotton, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Mr. , Mr. Walcot, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Kynaston, Mr. Drake, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Cholmley, General Mr.

A Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, Mr. Idedderburn. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth Whichcot, Lord William Campbell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Corn-That the Petitioners were incorporated by Charter, wall. Sir Richard Warwick Bampfyldc, Mr. Ridley, Mr. granted by his late Majesty, punuant to the Powers Jolliffe, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Way, Sir given by his Majesty, by an Act passed in the 23d Year Alexander Grant, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles of his Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encourage- Hardy, Mr. Fofter, Nix. Lowndes, Lord John Cavendish, ment of the British White Herring Fishery; and that Mr Mr. Ongley, General Howard, Mr. Mac-

by several Alls of Parliament an Interest of £. 3 per kenzie, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr.

Cent, was granted upon all Money which should be Burt, Mr. Wood, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Norris, Mr.

raised and actually employed in the said Fishery, and ham, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ross, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

also a Bounty of 50 Shillings a Ton on all Vessels em- Bruden, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Rigby Mr. Hume, Mr.

ployed therein, for 17 Years from the Date of the said Burrell;and all the Merchants of the House: And

Charter, which Term will expire the 2 2d Day of OQo- they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

ber 1767; and alleging, that the Petitioners have com- in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend

plied with the Conditions enjoined by the several Acts, for Persons, Papers, and Records.

and have raised and employed therein the Sum of

£.134,000 and upwards, and have proceeded with the General Grame reported from the Committee, to Tty

utmoftCare and Frugality in the execution of the said whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the Bridge.

Acts, notwithstanding which, they have loft the greatest County of Perth, met in their Quarter Sessions, and of Part of the Money by them raised and employed as the Magistrates and Town Council of Perth, was re-aforesaid, which Lois, the Petitioners conceive, has in ferred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of a great measure been owing to certain Provisions in the the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Act of the 23d Year of his late Majesty, by which they same as it appeared to them, to the House: and he were obliged, within Eighteen Months from the Com- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered mencement of their Charter, to lay out the Sum of it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

/. 100,000 in Busies and Nets, and in other Necessaries, and is as followeth; viz.

for fitting out and employing the said Busses, and to the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition leve-want of Experience which must necessarily attend all ral Members present informed your Committee, That new Undertakings; and that, from the Experience the the building a Bridge over the River Toy, at or near the Petitioners have gained in the said Fishery, they are Town of Perth, would be of public Utility, and con-now able to carry it on in a much more advantageous duce to the Purposes of civilizing the Highlands, and Manner than formerly, and can cure Herrings for Eu- promoting Industry in that Part of the Kingdom, by ropean Consumption equal to the Dutch, and do export opening a Communication to the military Roads and them to different Parts of Gerthany; and, as the Returns Bridges already made there; but that the same cannot for such Herrings are always made in Specie, that Trade be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament, is lb much dear Gain to the Nation; that the Petition- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ers do also cure Herrings for Exportation to the West the building a Bridge over the River Tty, at or near the India Colonies, and such as have been feat thither of Town of Perth, in the County of Perth: And that Gc-V01.30. neral

Ram (gate Harbour.

St. George,

Bloomsbury, Rr rtorial Ettate.

Matters

in

Chancery’s

Salaries.

Newton

Abbott

Roads.

224 $° Mart it. A. 1765.

tieral Grit me, Mr. Crawfurd, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr." Drummond, and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Henniker presented to the House, according to

Order, a Pill to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Rams and for cleaning, amending, and preferring the Haven of Sandwich And the same was received; and.read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Richmond Webb reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of certain Lands, in the County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money arising thereby in Ma iner therein mention, d; for the Benefit of the said Rector, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

Ordered, That the Bill bp ingossed.

Mn Wilbraham presented to the House, according to

Ordec, a Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery, to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the common and general Oafh in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of tire laid Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the said Court: And the same was received; and read t e First Time

Resolved, That the Bid be read a Second Time.

Ordered, Thar the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tkwfday Morning next.'

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Soyth'End of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbott, in the County of Devon, through tue fe-yeral Parishes of Woolborough, Kerfwell,- Kings

Kerfwell, Marledon, Paington, Churfton Brixham,

and Kings wear, to the Passage Way in Kings wear aforesaid, opposite to the Town and Borough of Citfton Dartmouth Hardness-, and also the Road leading from the End (next adjoining to the said Town of Newton Abbot) of a certain Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot and Totne, towards the Village?* of Abbotts Kerfwell, to and through that Village to Five

Lanes, in the Road before described; and aHo the Road leading from a Barn, lying near to Smoky House, in the 'Parish of Marledon aforesaid, called Langver's Barn, through the several Parishes of Marledon and Ipplepen, in the said County, leading to the Turppike Road between Newton Abbott and Totness aforesaid; and also the Road leading from a Common called' Galmpton through the said Parishes of Brixham and Churfton,

and the lower End of Churfton Ferrers Town, by a Black-smith’s Shop there, to Monks Bridge-, and from thence to Brixham Quay, in the said Parish of Brixham; and ‘also the Road leading from the said Barn called Langver's Barn, through the said Parishes of Marledon and Paington, to the North End of Paington Town, within the said Parish of Paington, was read a Second Time.

Apd a Member returned upon a. new Writ, having taken-the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration; and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed

the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Persons.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Ldrd Hoive, Lord Robert Bertie, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr.

Colonel Hot ham, Sir John Barrington, Mr:

Jtend, Admiral Keppel, Sir George Mr. Jeffries,

Colonel Howe, Captain BenMr. Sandys, Lard Midleion, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lord Cokrdhie,

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Stephens, General , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hunter, Colonel,

Lord Themond, Mr. Fuller, Lord John Cavendifti, Mr.

Webb, Mr. Townsend, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Mr. Tudway, General Stanwix, Sir John Turner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Edmoiftone, 'Sir Edward Mr>

Harvey, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Alderman,

Mr. Rigbyi Dr. Hay, Mr.- Elliott, Mn' Hewett; Mn Gascoyne. Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, General Conway, Sir John Sebright, Mr. BrudcndL Mr. Words Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.- Grey, Sir George

Pigot, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Dfon, Lord North, - Mr* Reynolds, Mr. Gore-, Lord Palmerston,-- Mn - Porker', Mr. Fane-, and all the Members who serve for tbt Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and DorsetAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, *at Five of the Glbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Mertage from the Lbrds,' by Mr. and

Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker, "

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twer.ty-fiith Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the' County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon; and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County.; ib far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon-, and to'r discontinuing the said Teftn and

Powers, ib far-ak* the same -re-late *to tire Road* leading from Wantage to Idson; arddbr repairing thfl*'lto6d

leading from the North-Ealt Ootner of by the Parish Church-of Nuffield, oth'ft wife-'7*^1?, in the County of 0 xfordf-to t>h £ v am hiehcs toettt or the said Turnpike Road, Ie^ding, from! Wallbig

without ’any Amendment: Arttf^ilfo," '-A v'v

The Lords have agreed to the - Bill, 5ntiuded,-'An Act for repairing and- widening the Poad, leading from Porthaethwy Ferry, to Holyhead. in the Coiifity ol-Angle-fey, without any Amendment Andalfo; s

The :I.ords have agreed to the; Bill; intituled, An Act for repairing and widening t;ieT.ioad from Dunham perry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment 1 And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enablo John Jennings, Esquire/ now called John Smith and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Smith, pursuant to the Will hi Thomas Smith, deceased, without any AmendmentAnd also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Elias Jtiquery, Peter Samuel Dar-bonnier, Daniel Hetiriod, John James-Ofvald, and John Francis Ant honyRivaz, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords, have agreed to the Bill’, intituled, An Act for hatuializirtg-JPtfter AnthonySapte, and David Francis

Sapte, withotit- any Amendment': Andalfo,

~. The Tbrds have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to difiblve the Marmgff of John Nixon, with his now Wife, and loanable him to marry again: and for other Purposes {herein mentioned; to which 'the Lords desire the Concurrence bf this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That tlifere belkid‘before this Hotlfe, ari Account of the Quantity of all Drillings imported from Ruffits, for the

Wallingford

and

Farringdon

Road.

r-r

Anglcfcy

Roads.

Dunham

Ferry,

&c.

Roads.

Jennings*

Name.

Inquery’s (and others) Nat*

Sapte

Nat.

Nixon’s

Divorce.

Account;

Russia

Drillings*

Isle of Man.

?0t of Man.

Pifcovcry of the longitude.

5 Geo. Ill, 5 '‘ — (P Marti225

the Four last Years, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke and Duchess of Atholl, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, dated February 27th 1765: And alto,

Copy of an Abstract of the Clear Revenue of the Isle of Matt, for Ten Years, from the Year 1754, to the Year 1763, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to do as they shall think fit, with respect to the Proposal contained in the said Letter, from the Duke and Duchess of to the Commissioners of the Treasury.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whqm it is referred to consider what Rights of the Proprietor of the Isle of Man, under the several Grants of the said Island, it may be expedient to vest in the Crown, for the further and more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the said Island; and what Compensation it may be proper to make to the said Proprietor, in respect thereof.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider what Rights of the Proprietor of the Isle of Man, under the several Grants of the said Island, it may be expedient to vest in the Crown, for the further and more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the said Island; and what Compensation it may be pro? per to make to the said Proprietor, in respect thereof; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself iinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resoluttons; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tor-morrow -Morning.

The other Order of the Pay being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Atfts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, c dc.at a Meeting at the Admiralty, on the 19th Day of January 1765, be referred to the Cofisideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Minutes of the Pro? ceedings of the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, idc. at a Meeting at the Admiralty, on the 9th Day of February 1765, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, IAc. to Mr. John Harrison, containing Instructions for his Son’s proceeding to Barbadoes, to make a Second Trial of his Time-keeper, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Com-piissioners for the Difcpvery of the Longitude at Sea,

Yol. 30.

i£c. to the Reverend Mr. Nevil Mafleelyne and, Mr.

Charles Green, containing Instructions for their Proceeding to Barbadoes, to make Observations for the Second Trial of Mr. Harrison's Time-keeper, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea,

&c. to Mr. John Bradley, containing Instructions for making Observations at Portsmouth, for the Second Trial of Mr. Harrison'$ Time-keeper, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, marked A, B, C, and D, containing Computations of the Observations made for the Second Trial of Mr. John s Time-

keeper, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had made tome Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Hoyfewill, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals lor discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow, at Ttyelve of the Clock.

The Hpufe being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Account* j the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j Cahso*. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of White Calicos exported to any Fo.-eign Countries, except the British Colonies and Plantations in Americ with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thor -on, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; tliftinguiliing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Calicos, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in the East Indies, exported to any Foreign Countries, excepting the Colonies

and Plantations in America, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, for Four Years, ending at Ckrijimas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, fco be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved antongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mercurii, 6° die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii III*" Regis, 1765 Praters.

J-JENR 1 ETTA Rosa Peregrins Townsend took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Mr. Ridley presented to the House, according to Estateso Order, a Bill to quiet the present Possessors of Leases Eectefiastical from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Cor- or*or*UUB*‘ porate, and Collegiate, of Tithes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Tert*s of Years,

3 M in

9

Penn Inn Road.

Spratfon

Inclosure.

Chapel on the Heath Road.

226 ' 6° Martii. A. 1765.

in the Enjoyment of such Leases; and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments; with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

v ;>

* v

Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution so much of an Act, made in the Twenty -seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road between and

in the County of Dorset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hinvto report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Serjeant said. That he knows the Road leading from the North Torn pike Gate, at the South End of the Town of Beamijler, to the Entrance into Beamijler Woody and to Lenham's Water, in the Parish of Beamijler;

that the said Roads are very narrow, and, in the Winter Season, frequently overflowed; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Dev, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Work-house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place tailed Quandoe’s Gate, and also several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchment on AJk erf well Hill to Penn Innand from Bridport to Beamijler, and also for amending the Road fpom the North - End of South Street to Bridport; is committed;

that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Road leading from the North Turnpike Gate, at the South End of the Town of Beamijler, to the Entrance into other-

wife Wood Common, and to Lenham's within the

Parish of Beamifer.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mr. Coventry,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gray, Mr. , Mr. Mackay, Mr. Rushout, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Grey, Mr. Hozvard, Sir Roger Newdigate, General Howard, Mr. Robinson, Sir Richard Mill, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr.

Touchet, Mr. Fane, Lord B, Mr. Montagu Sir

Roger Mostyn, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Butler, Sir

Gibbons, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Thorolon, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Mr.

Waller, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ky, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Grey, Mr, Shiffner, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Noi; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Stafford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the lload leadh" from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of

Oxford, to Bourtonon the Hill, in the County of

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rushout, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Howard, Sir Walter B/acket, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Barrow, Lo.d Burgherst, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mawbey, Lord Grey, Mr, Wili/raham Bootle, Mr. Bagot, Sir George Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr.

Founereau, Sir Francis Drake, Mr, Glover, Mr. Kynuf ton. Sir Thomas Rales, Mr. Vane, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Montagu, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Bertie, Lord Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Prowse, Sir Thomas Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ol Oxford, Gloucester, Worcester, and Wilts: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Recorder, Mayor, and Capital Burgesses, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and n.ad; Setting forth, That a Petition having been presented to this House, from several of the Petitioneis, and others, praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a iii:l for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair certain Roads therein described, lying near and adjoining to the Borough of Walsall, aforesaid, and more particularly the Road

leading to the Brook or Water-course at Walsall aforesaid, running to New Mills; that it vvou'd be of great Advantage, if a Road was to be made from the said Brook or Water-course, through and over certain Pieces of Land belonging to the Right honourable the Countess of Montroth, Richard Perjhouse, Esquire, and Mr. Samuel Corbet, containing in Length about 440 Yards, to Able well Street, in Walsall, and to and through the same Street, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Walsall aforesaid, to Barr, in the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Provision in the said Bill, for making and reparing the Road above described, in such Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House shall leem just.

Ordered, That tire said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Capital Burgenes, of the Borough and Fureign of in the County of

Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, and of Walsall aforesaid, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is relerred: And that they do examine ti e Matter of this Petition; and report the fun?, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A’Petition of the Mayor and Capital Burgesses of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Walsall aforesaid, and of Wednesbury and Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the said County, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That a Petition, under the Hands of some of the now Petitioners, having been lately presented to the House, for a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from a Place called MuckleyCorner, in the said County, and other

Roads therein mentioned; and that the Petitionershaving been lately informed, that another Petition hatii been since presented to the House, for adding the Road from Horjiey Heath to Puppy Green, to the Upper

End of Tipton Green, and the U pper End of Chambers Lane, and f rom Puppy Green to the Upper End of Parke Lane; and fettir.g forth, that the said last mentioned Roads are of a private Nature, and so extremely ruinous, that they cannot be repaired, but at a very considerable

Expence.

Muck fey Comci,

RoaU.

5 Geo. III. 6° Martii.

22-J

Expence, nor kept in Repair but at a very great Charge; and, in regard the adding them to the said Bill cannot be counted of Public Utility, but must be a great Burthen upon, and without any proportionable Benefit to, the Petitioners, or the Public, therefore praying, that the {'aid lash mentioned Rouds may not be added to the said Bill, and that L"ave tnay be given to bring in -a Bill as prayed in the said first mentioned Petition, or otherwise that Leave may be given to withdraw the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Capital Burgesses of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, and of IValfall afore-l'aid, and Places adjacent, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Metcalfe's Mr. Lafcclles reported from the Committee, to whom Name. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Marwood, F.squire, lately called William Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased, was comn it-ted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed - to the lame, without any Amendment.

flamborough Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom

indofure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of Flamborough, in the County of 7ork, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Ogle, who refused to sign the Bill, because he thought the Lord of the Manor had too large an Allotment; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the B'11, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amend* ments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tovnfend’i A Bill for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa

Nat Townsend, Wife of James TownJ'end, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Barre, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Waller, Sit Charles Kemys Tyute, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Walcot, Sir James Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Webb, Sir Edward Mr. Howard, Mr.

Glover, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Foley, Mr. Coventry, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir John St.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Duke, Sir Robert Mr. Mon-

tagu, . Mr. Druntmond, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Grey, Sir James Carnegie, Mr. Mr,

wald. Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Harris, Mr. Darner, Sir John G/ymte, Mr. FMr. Whichcot, Lord

Vol. 30.

Winterton, Mr. Tuivnjhencl, Mr. Sir Jamel Dajlnvood, Mr. Provefe, Mr. Glover, Sir George Pigot,

Mr. Robitfon, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Tone kef, Mr. Long, Lord John Caven-clijli, Mr. Praed, Mr. Pitt, Sir Armine Mr. Fitzmaunce, Mr. Tozvrjbend, Lord Bertie,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord William

Mr. Butler, Mr. Rice, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Miiles, Mr;

Tucker, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bentinck: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Glyme presented to the House, according to Winn’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Sabine Loujife Winn: And Nat. the same was received; and read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John HiSi John Hi* Henry Ernfi, and John Michael was read the (and <fhers)t

Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bn.

An Act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernfi, and John Michael Platz.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick HempdV Hempel, James Janot, and Christopher John Schultz, was (and others) read the Third'l ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, and Christopher John Schultz.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Compton Reading of the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an . to

Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, A*p^j}CT for repairing and widening the Road from the Half-way House, in the Parish of Lower Comin the County of Dorset, through the 1 owns of Yeovil, and

Chard, to the Last End of the Town of , and

several other Roads round the said Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; so far as the same relates to the Road from Hafleborough Bridge, to the East End of the Town of Axminster-, and for repairing and widening the Road from Chard, through Stockland, to Honiton, in the County of Devon; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Harvey, Mr. DowMr. Mr. Delaval, Lord North, Mr. Harris, Lord Digby,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Cufi, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Sir Simeon-Stuart, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. , Sir John

Rufiiout, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Amyatid, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sir Jarrit Smith,

Lord Grey, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. -shend, Mr. Hume, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Paterson,

Mr. Huffey, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Devon,

Wilts, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j-and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the Ditto:-Counties of Dorset and Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, for repairing the Road from Chard, in the County of Somerset, to Honiton, in the County of Devon, through Stockland; that there is already a very good Turnpike Road from Chard, through Axminster, to Honiton, which is Part of the Great Weflem Road; and that, if the' laid Bill should pals, in the Manner it is now drawn, neither the present Turnpike Road aforesaid, nor the* intended Turnpike Road, can properly be repaired^ and'

228 6° Martii. yl. 1765.

kept in Repair for the future, from the Tolls which can be collected thereon, or Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that the said Bill, as it is now drawn, may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Part thereof as they apprehend will be injurious to the Country in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Compton The House was moved, that the Petition of several of Axminster Mortgagees and Trustees authorized to put in

Road. execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Intrenchment at AJkerfwell Hill, opposite to Farm, through the Town of to Penn

and from Bridport aforesaid, to the Town of Beamifter, in the County of Dorset, and allb the Road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the Town of Axminster, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; which was presented to the House upon Tharfday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; might be again read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ditto. The House was moved, that the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, of the Counties of Dorset and Devon, which was presented to the House upon day lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

Ditto. The House was also moved, that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for carrying into execution, or Creditors under the Security of, an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Whitefheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House, in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and afore-

feid; and also an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his feid late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the aforesaid Act, and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petitions now referred; and whereupon Counsel are to be heard before the said Committee.

Nixon’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with

Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry 17

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the lfl of M*o.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider what Rights of the Proprietor of the Isle of Man, under the several Grants of the said Island, it may be expedient to vest in the Crown, for the further and more effectual preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the said island; and what Compensation it may be proper to make to the said Proprietor, in respect thereof; the lle-solutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for the further and more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, it is expedient to vest in the Crown, upon a proper Compensation to be paid to the Proprietors of the said Island, the Isle, Castle, and Peele, of Alan, and all Rights, Jurisdictions, and Interests in and over the said Island, and all its Dependencies, holden by the said Proprietors, under the several Grants thereof, or under any other Title whatsoever, excepting only their landed Property, with all their Rights in and over the Soil, as Lords of the Manor, with all Courts Baron, Rents, Services, and other Incidents, to such Courts belonging, their Wastes, Commons, and other Lands, Inland Waters,

Fisheries, and Mills, and all Mines, Minerals, and

Quarries, according to their present Rights therein; *.

Felons Goods, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, and Wrecks

at Sea, together with the Patronage of the Bishoprick,

and of the other Ecclesiastical Benefices in the said

Island, to which they are now entitled.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds may be proper to be paid, as a full Compensation to the said Proprietors, according to the Proposel contained in the Letter from the said Proprietors, dated the 27th Day of February 1765, to the Commissioners of the Treasury.

The said Resolutions being fevers lly read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Discomy to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of the to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Longitude, Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposels lor discovering the Longitude;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, in relation to a Watch, or Time-keeper, invented by Mr. John Harrison-, and also, in relation to certain Lunar Tables, constructed by Tobias Mayer, deceased, late Pro-feffor at Goetinghen.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they

had examined several Witnesses; and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hav?

Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next,

3t Twelve of th? Clock, resolve itself into a Cora*

5 Geo. III.

6°

Mar Hi.

SfcT.*

rpittee of the whole House, to consider further of the - several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals

for discovering the Longitude.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except the Reverend Mr. Maskelyne, and Captain Campbell, do attend

the said Committee upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. William Harrison do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Act* ' The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ^Highway*. the several Acts, made in the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-. . cond, for the - Amendment and Preservation. of the . " public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this King-, dom, and for the effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto.

Mr* Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynajloti reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Kynaston also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole f v House, to consider-further of the several Acts, made - in the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-in next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ftippiy.

The Order of the Day being’read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

' The other Order of the Day being read;

Wh and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Rabbit whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual pre-

1 venting the Stealing of Fifti and Rabbits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Peter Burrell took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ^Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 die Martii;

Anno s’ GeorgiMII16 Regis, 1765.

Travers.

f\RDERRD, That the Bill to quiet the present Eftmnrdfr Possessors of Leases from Ecclesiastical Persons, and ^cc'cfia('*c" Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, of Tythes, opolBtlons* Tolls, and other incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of fych Leases,’ and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic,.

Corporate and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such incorporeal Hereditaments; with a Remedy to recovef the respective Rents reserved; be printed.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according tdi. Great

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from ^nrofty Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton; and from

Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.. ’ .»

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bawtry and principal Inhabitants, residing in and about North Willingham and Hainton, in the County of Whole Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a. Bill is now depending in the House, for a Turnpike Road from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham,. to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of and set-.

ting forth, That the Road leading from the Great Road in the Village of North Willingham, in the said County of Lincoln, through a Lane leading South tq the Town of Six Hills, and from thence, to the direct Road to Hainton, in the said County of Lincoln, to the Blacksmith’s Shop in Hainton aforesaid, is, in many Parts thereof, narrow, much in Decayj incommodious, and unsafe for Travellers, and cannot be effectually widened and repaired by the ordinary course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Provision may be mad$ for inserting the above Road in the said Bill now depending, in such Manner as to the House shall seen? meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mellish, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. KynaSir Robert Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Shiffner, Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Lawrence, Mr. Hewett, Sir Jarrit Smith,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir John Wynne, Mr.

Eyre, Mr. Hume, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Jennings, Lord Charles -Montagu, Mr. Long, Mr. , .,

Alderman Beckford, Sir Francis Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Sandys. General Douglas, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord Farnham, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Rigby, Lord Grey, Mr, Norris, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Baynti*,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Sir George Yonge,- Mr. Ross; and all the Members who fcrye for the Counties of Lincoln, York, -’. tingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this . Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s; Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

V*t. 30.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Shrewlbary Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term’ and Powers of an to 1 Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his late Bridgnorth

‘ " 3 ft' Majesty, RwdV

4$6 t Murta 1765.

Majesty, for repairing the high Road from the Town of Skrewsbury, though Much

by Muckley Cross, and through Morviller to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; arid Tor amending several other Roads near or adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jtayfton A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal . inhabitants, of the Parishes of , Houghton with

Bridge Wyton, and Broughton, in the county of ,

BoS- was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice,

That a Petition has been presented to the House, to add a Clause to the Royston and Caxion Road Bill, for extending the said Road from Huntingdon to Somersham, which mull pals through the Paximes of Hartford and Houghton with Wyton, the Roads of Which, leading from Huntingdon to Saint Ives, by the great Diligence and Expence of some of the Petitioners, and the Exertion of their Statute Work, being already in extreme good Re-t ’ pair; and as the intended Road from Huntingdon to

mersham mull break off from the common Road from Huntingdon to Saint Ives, upon probable Conjecture, (for the Petitioners can with Truth say, that they have not so much as been consulted upon the Application, nor so much as heard of such a Project, till they found that the aforesaid Petition had been presented to the House) at a certain Guide Post, at the Eall End of Hartford Town, and proceed through the Open Fields of Houghton with Wyton, and lo on, through the Parish of Broughton, to Somersham; and that the Inhabitants of thele first-mentioned Towns will be so far from being benefited thereby, that they will be greatly injured, by Part of the Statute Work being taken off from the necessary Repairs on the accustomed great Road between Huntingdon and Saint Ives; and that the new intended Road is very little nearer to Somersham than that leading from Huntingdon through Saint , already in good Repair, and likely to improve; and that the aforesaid Clause to the Rtyston and Caxton Road Bill appears, to the Petitioners, to be uleless; and, Ihoula a Bar be erected in the Lane leading to Huntingdon, commonly called Hartford Lone, the Petitioners will then be obliged to pay formafling on the Road, which they have already made at lo much Trouble and Expence: And therefore hope for such Relief in this Matter, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the 9th and 12th Years of Queen Ann?, and of the 13th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to JVansford Bridge, in the County of so far

as relates to the middle and South Divisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of SomerJJiam, in the said County of Huntingdon; is committed.

Rebuilding A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Newgate. Middlesex, the Church Wardens and Overseers of the ’Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the several Parishes within the Hundred of whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of theittselves and the other Inhabitants of the feme Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the ' Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition from ' the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, for the removing arid rebuilding the Gaol of N'eivgate, halh been presented to the House; and that a new Charge is thereby intended to be thrown on the County of Middlesex; arid representing, that the County Rates for the Maintenance of Gaols, and for other public Services, being levied and collected out of the Poor’s Rates, the Pfeti-

tioners do cortfiderably contribute already towards the

Support of Three, viz.New P and

Bridewell, and Tot hill Fields Bridtivtll; and that the

Petitioners apprehend that the City is become bound in

Law to maintain the lame, without the Contribution of

the County of Middlesex: And therefore praying. That

the House will be pteased to take the same of the Pefr-

tionm into Consideration, and protest them from any

Charge that may be attempted to be thrown upon them,

towards pulling down the said Gaol.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, m Common Council assembled, is referred.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, Crcwkenw so whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from in the County of Somerset, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;' and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrossed.

Mr. Willoughby presented to the House, according to wafani

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Often Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lofdmip or Liberty of Witford, in the County of Nottingham:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bril be read a Second Time.

Cokmd Rani reported from the Committee, to whom Townshtnd's the BHl for naturalizing Henrietta Rcfa Town- Nat.

fend. Wife of James Townsend, Esquire, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, so pWn t — whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road, of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Ittn, in the County of Dorset, to the 'Workhouse at the Eall End of the Town of Hottitcn, in the County of Devon;and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place called Quandoe's Gate, and

also several Roads leading from aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the laid A<fl, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchment on AJkerfvoell Hill to Penn Inn, and from to

Beamifter; and aHo for amending the Road front the North End of South Street to Bridport Harbour: was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame-to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the BiH, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several

Amendments

Geo. III. 70 Martiu 231

Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Accounts; The Hoafe being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Coals exported from Schtland, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th of January 1764, with- the Duties payable thereon; distirtguishing each Year; and diiftingu idling such Part as have been exported to Foreign Countries, such as have been exported to Ireland and the Isle of Man, and such as have been exported to the British Colonies and Plantations: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Silk Stockings imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from 5th Jartuary 1754, to 5th January 1765; distrh-guishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Silk Stockings exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from cth January 1754 to cth January 1765; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Silk Gloves and Mitts imported into that Part of Great Britain calipd Scotland, - from 5th January .1754 to jth January 1765; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Silk Gloves and Mitts exported from that Part of Great called

Scotland, from 5th January 1754 to 5th 1765;

distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Silk Pieces imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from 5th January 1754 to cth January 1765; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Silk Pieces exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, From £th January 1754 to 5th 1765; distinguisti-

itrg each Year: And also,

' An Account of the Quantifies of British-rniAo. Silks exported frotn Scotland, together with the Bounty paid upon the fame, from Christmas info to 1758;

distinguishing each Country to which the same have been Exported, and each Year.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said AccduRts were read; Ordcfe'diThnt the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, fobe penlfed by the Members of the House,'

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

North Britain The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the

Bank Notes. House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes, iffUed by the Banks and Banking Companies in NorthBritdin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read Second Time, Upon Tuesday Morning next.

Aflackby Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, accord-Dow(b to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain

Inclosure. Common Fen, in the Parishes of Ajlackby and Lowjby, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Warminilcr Sir Edzvatd Bayutun reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the 13th of George the First, and of the 16th of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of fVdtniinster, in the County of and for amending several other Roads hear Or adjoihing Vol. 30.

thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto-; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amehdtnents, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments Were (We read throughout-; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, One of’thefn was disagreed to, and the reftWert, with Amendments to several of diem, agreed to by the Hofcfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ih a Bill for EmtxszieiMnt the more eflfe&uaHy pfevehtilig and punishing Em- an bezzlements and Breaches of Tract: And that Mr. Glover, Mr. Alderman Beckford, the Ldrd Strange, Mr.

Wilbrnham, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tornkyfis, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Hemp, fcc. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Hemp arid Flax imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years last past, to Christmas 1764: distingUifning each Year: And also.

An Account of die Quantity of all Drillings imported from RuJ/ra, for the Fdur last Years, to Chrp-mas 1764, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguim-ing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the feSd Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peirufed by the Members of the House.

The fed Accourits are preserved amongst the Other Papers' of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir George Methods, Mh Onslow, Mr: Bnmtinghan* Lynch, Sir Edward Bayhtwrt, Lord Robert Mr. Inctofluc.

Boone, Colonel BrudeneR, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Jones,

Mr. Stefihenfon, Mr Finch, Mr. Ditndas, be added tot He

Committee, to Whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands;' arid Grounds, in* Brantinghant and Thorpe Brdntingham, 'in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County Of Yorfc, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Methods and Co- ^Benton lonel Hothatn be added to the Committee, to whoth the Ibc1o*uc«. Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open arid Commoti Fields, Lands, arid GrOtirids, in the Pafllh df Bentdn, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. EHerker

Onslow, Mr. Lynch, Sir Edward Bdy Lord Brewnlodb Inclosure.

Bertie, Mr. Boone, Colonel Brudeiiell, Mr. Jo

Finch, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Jones, Mr.- Stepkertfon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, arid Grounds, ih Ellerker, in the parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of Yorh, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to empower the High Court of Chan- in eery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a 9uh» of CJ?*"CCTy’* Money, not erteeding a Sum therein to be limited, odt *""* of the cdmtnott and general Cacti in the Bank Of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the? interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Worrie 0#die Mafflert of the said Court; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid'Bilf was read a Second Time.

Rtfdfoed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

33O' 7* Maftii.«: jt.,vi6u-

Resolved, Thit the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. x . Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuafday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account) . Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Suitors in A-cc°unt Annual Balance of the dead Calli and Chancery. Securities of the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1739, to the 33d Day of February last inclusive; distinguishing the dead Calli from the Securities in each Year.

Tytheof A Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 31st Year Madder. of jjs late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was - read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

.* . ... . upon the said Bill.

Cilbdbd " A Petition of the several unfortunate Prisoners for Debtors. Debt, in behalf of themselves, confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also in behalf of all other Prisoners for Debt in the several Gaols within the said County, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Atb Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the rs*tinfl Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

High to consider of the several Acts, made in the 26th, 28th,

and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads-of this - Kingdom, and for the effectual execution of the Laws‘

... ... relating thereto, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his-Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the feme were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jhat the Provisions (except that which permits Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, to; pass through Turnpike'Gates, upon paying Half

v - the ordinary lolls) in an Act passed in the Thirtieth Xear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom: which will expire on the 24th j Day of June 1765; be continued, under certain Her

strictions and Regulations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, and drawn according to Law, do, after the said 24th Day of June, pay the full Tolls directed to be paid by any Act of Parliament.

.....: -Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this-Committee,

That some Encouragement should be gjren to Waggons and Wains having Wheels of the Breadth of Nine

..... Inches, at the Foot or Sole thereof-, and Axle-trees of

.different Lengths, and a certain Distance between such Wheels.

The First of the said Resolutions being reada 6econd Tune, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time, an Amendment was groposed to -be made

thereto, by leaving out the Words, and drawn ac*

" cording to Law."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said -Resolution, so amended. That all Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, having the Fel- j

lies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine -

Inches, do, after the said 24th Day of June, pay the foil Tolls directed to be paid by any Act of Parliament.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brine so a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions, as the same have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ky- , naston, the Lord Strange, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Me Roport from the Committee of the whole House, to Ma*, whom the Bill for more effectually preventing the Mif- ’ chiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this ’

Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House py*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually foppJying the y Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed Calicos, and other Goods, of the Pro-., dust or Manufacture of the East Indict, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Lippe, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the ' Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

‘ Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven*-, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House ter Importation resolve itself' into a-Committee of the whole House} of Wool* to consider of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Wool, and Woollen, or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain-,

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The ’ Order of the Day being read, for taking into Poor Lami Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed; . ‘

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Three Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

,. And the -Amendments mad’ by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally rea 1 a i v. i Time; and, upon the.Question severally put t . \ pon, feme of them were disagreed to, ii . ;* of b.:-: . were postponed, and the rest were, w;* A.-.-endue-us to several of them,'agreed, to by the Hub;.

'..... Ordered,

Fish and Rabbit Stealing

Snitterfidd

iadofure-

Houghton on the Hill Inclosure.

Burton Overy Inclosu re-

Taunton

Roads-

5 Geo. III. 7* — 8° 233

Ordered, That the Further , Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

> . ~i----- i __________

Vznerisy 8* die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1764.

from the Town of ^Taunton, in thfe County of And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Simeon Stuart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Street, called the Hundred, at Rom fey, through Chilworth, to the River at in the County of Southampton; and for connecting the same with the Road leading from the City of through

Hurjley, to Chandlers Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid* to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Szvathling aforesaid, through Rot ley, to the

Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the said County of Southampton: And the same was received; and xead the First Time.:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Romsey

to

Swathling

Road*

Mr. Frederick Monldgil reported from the Committed; t^en&rd Puyeks. to Whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common

... . _ . Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Fairish

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and of De in the County of Northampton was com-S\. Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other fitted; That the Committee had examined the AUega* Commonable Lands; within the Manor and Panlh of tions of the Bill, and found thefanle to be true; and Snitfield, otherwise Snitterfield, in the County of War- that the Parties concerned had given their Conferit tp

wick, was read a Second Time. the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Three Persons, whole Property in the said Lands Mr. Kynafon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. IVauchope, Mr. amounts to Five Pounds jhr and that the whole

Morton, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Montagu, Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts Lord Thomond, Mr. Ward, Nix. Fane, Sir Jarrit Smith, £.641 per Annum-, and’ that no Person appeared’before

Mr. Gilbert, Nix. Foley, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Dowdeswell, the Committee to Oppose the Bill; and that the Corq- Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Har- mjttee had gone through the Bill, and made several

bord. General Court.Mr. Gray, Mr. Praed, Sir Wil- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

liam Maynard, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles ,j0 report to the 1 Joule; and he read the Report in Mordaunt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Boone, Colonel Barr/, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hayes, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fuller, Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Mr. Burrell, Lord Winterton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Par- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

ker, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Peachey, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question and all the Members who serve for the Counties of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Warwick, Worcester, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allow-are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in fog Persons aggrieved by any thing done by virtue of the Speaker’s Chamber. the Act, to appeal to the Quarter Sessions. 1

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks;

Sir Thomas Cave presented to the House, according which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Hough- made Part of the Bill.

ton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester:And the OrThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be

fame was received; and read the First Time. ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in the county of ; was read

a Seeded Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Mr. Legh, Lord Grey, Mr. TeMr. Coventry, Lord

North, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles

daunt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir E Thomas, Mr. ATy-

naston, Mr. Gray, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Lovett, Mr. Waller, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pye, Mr. Parker, Colonel Bradenell, Captain Bentinck; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, ton, Warwick, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Earl of Thomond presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading

VOL. 5P ’

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cord-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and iii the Manor of Wellingborough, and of and in the Manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the College of lrtlingborough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of Wellingborough, and of and in the Manor of Welling-

borough, formerly belonging to the College df Irtling-borough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton. '

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Key-berry Bridge, to the Passage at Sha/ldon; and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon.

Mr. Wilbraham Rootle presented to the House, accord-

» ,3 V inj

Welling-

borough

Inclosurtf.

Key berry Bridge* &c. Road*

b.tto*

Sritish

Ji(hcry.

DiscoTtry of the Longitude

2 34 8* Marfii A. 1765.

tog to Order, a Biller repairing -and widening the Hoads TheOrfler of the Day being read, for receiving the Eafilntik

from Key berry Bridge, to the Pillage at Skalldm-, and from Report from the Committee of ft ipe'whole House, to the said Bric^ge to the Pier or Harbour of Turkey, in whom the Bill for regulating Qualifications of the Pro- ,f

the County of Devon: And the same was received; and prietors of East India Stock, was Committed; Proprietor*,

read the First Time. Ordered, That the said Report be received upon

Evolved, That the Bill be read^a Sepopd Time. Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The Lord Orwell reported from -the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free fishery was referred, That the Committpe had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the fifid Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to fhp House; $nd lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and 4s as followeth; viz.

By a Charter and several Acts of Parliament produced and read to your Committee, it appeared. That the Petitioners were incorporated by Charter, in consequence of an Act of Parliament of the 23d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; and by several Acts of Parliament, £, 3 per Centum was granted upon all Money raised and praployed in the said jFilhery, and a Bounty of 50 Shillings a Ton on all Vessels employedtherein, for 17 Year?, from the Date of the Charter, which Term will expire on the j2$l Day of (dealer 1767.

By the Company’s -Ledger, produced by Mr. George Root, it appeared that the Company had {employed fbove £. 134^)co in th? iaid Fishery.

And by other Accounts produced to your pom-^oaittee, it appeared that the Society bad loft upwards of /.107,000 in carrying, on the said Fishery.

Then a Elaine in the Act of the 23d Year of King George the Second, was read, obliging the Petitioners, within Eighteen Months after the Commencement of their Charter, to employ £. .100,000 in Bpffes, Nets, and other Necessaries, ior fitting out and employing the laid Busses.

To prove that the Society were become more fltilful an the Curing Fish than formerly,

Mr. Lochmatf, Secretary to the said Society, produced

.to your Committee a Letter from the Society’s Agent at Hamburgh, from which the fallowing Ext raft was read " It is with the greatest Satisfaction I alTure you " how far superior the Curing is this Yejr to the last, and both Cargoes being 10 much better than the " Dutch, People bygin to be convinced of their former A Prejudice against them, and even to give them the " Preference to the Hollands And Thomas Collett Esquire, said. That he had lent several Quantities of British Herrings to the American Colonies; that formerly they did not answer, but within fhafe lift Three Years, since a new Method of curing them has been found out, they have answered very well, and are as gppd at Jamaica as they are in the Baltic.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Hpufe.

Rejoined, That this House will, npa>n this Day Se-.vennight, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House, according to Ordyr, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.- Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them refereed; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, re-olve- itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Acts.

*7

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ctmeeffine resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Maniag^K consider further of the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be fplemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences-; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages folemoized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preferring the Evidence of Pedigrees;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursdny Seven-night, the 21st Day of this Instant March, (refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ,n<* Mfan* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction -to the said Committee, that they do consider so much of an Act, passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Mak; and for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the Gauging of Com making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and also of aH Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising by Annuities, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of Twelve Millions, to be charged on the Sinking Fund and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors, and aho the Monies arising from th.e Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament; as relate to the Payment Half-yearly, on the 5th Day of July and the 5th Day of January in every Year, of the Annuities therein granted, in respect of certain capital Stocks thereby estabHflied, amounting together to the Sum of .20,240,000 at the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, lor certain Terms of

Years, and then to be reduced 10 £. 3 Centum-per Annum.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. faterson took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterfonreported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the . fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morping next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Ailing die Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into* Committee of the whole House, to

consider

5 Geo. III. 8a — u

to confi<frr fufther of the Supply granted 0 Isis Majesty.

Resolved, Thpt this House will, upon Monday Mora* ipg next, refblve jtself into the said Committee.

Poor Law*. The other Order of the Day being read, (ot re fuming the adjourned Confujcr^tion of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

- The House ^returned the adjourned Contention of the said Report

And a ClautiLiMs offered to be added to the Bill, directing the M<wBh of Proceeding in Cafes where Persons chafen Conwuiflionere refuse to ad.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be nfeade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added-to the Bill,

declaring that, all peculiar JYjjncbifes and Jurisdictiops, having Quarter ‘Sessions, shall, for the Purposes of "the. Act, be deemed to be Part of the County at large.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Rill, directing the Commissioners to advertise their Contracts.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up; the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Disconpry The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve t itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to cooftdfr

further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards ftp discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering die Longitude, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read-;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 29th Day of this Instaat resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, to cqpfider further of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon T Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Lnstant March.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eanf:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act; American for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and Duties. other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, preceding, arid securing, the fame; and for amending such Parts of die several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; without any Amendment: Andalfo, Westminster The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paving, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in execur Street Toll. tion the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls, on Sundays, upon the several Roads therein mentioned; and applying the same for the Purposes of the said Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

Great . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ty,° for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several R<*"‘ Vol. 30.

Martii. 335

Roads in and neat Great Tormgted, id the County of Devon; without any Amendment: Arid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MBford, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the -,&ct Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Pet worth to the Top of DunckanHill -, and from Resworth, to Sttpham Bridge, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lynriogtoa for repairing and widening several Roads leading from to the Quay at Lymiogton, in the County of Southampton j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Act Act Long Eaton for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Mea- Inclosui*. dows. Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blandreu’k to enable William Nevil fflandeau, Esquire, and his Issue, Name,

to take and use the Surname of Hart; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dobinfen's the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of te* Cumberland, late the Estate of William Dohinfou^Gentls-man, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased; to which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Account; Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock. °"f And he moved the House accordingly. Inference.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A copunt of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duty of is. 4 d.upon Policies of Insurance, made within the BiHs of Mortality, for the Eight last Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunes, iic die M3

Anno 5° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for eqlaiging the Terms sad (franninder Powers of Two Acts, of the 13th of George the ' R«ad»-First, and of the 16th of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads near oar adjoining thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the 13th of George the First, and of the 26th of his Jate Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads near the said Town; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Heytesbury; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Compion living in the Towns of Axminster and Qrewkerne, and

other ju«±

236

11

Martif.

Other Places, in the Counties of Devon and was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed of a Bill now depending in the House, for repairing the Roads from the Town of1 Chard, through the several Farishes of Chard, Warn-brook, Chardfiock, Membury, , and

Monckton, to the Town of in the County of

Devon', and that the ancient High Road from the Direction Stone, at the West End of , to and

through Chard Common and Perry Street, as far as the Place where the Spy Polls lately stood, by the Side of the Turnpike Road, on the East of Inn, being

the nearest Way from Crewkerne to Honiton, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Darner, Mr. Coventry, General Irwin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr, Lowndes, Sir Chatles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Sir George Yonge,

Mr. Methuen, Mr. Drax, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Rice, Mr. Sandys. Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Blackstone, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Lord Burgherjh, Mr. TowMr. Nugent, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Burt, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Bateman, Mr. Holt, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Mr.

Mr. Northey, Sir Charles Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Gray, Sir Thomas Palmer \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Nixon’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce, to difiolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with Hester Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,- upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Penn Inn, An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road. of so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; and for amending the Road from Axminster, to a Place called Quandoe's Gate, and also several Roads leading from Honiton aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of the said Act, as relates to the Road from the Intrenchment on Askerfwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Bea-

mijler-, and also for amending the Road, from the IS1 orth End of South Street to Bridport Harbour; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title . be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of ' the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several

% v

Roads in the Counties of 'Dorsetand Devon, ras relate*

to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of

in the County of Devon, and to the Road from the In-’ % trenchment on Askerfwell Hill to Penn Inh, and from Bridport to Beamijteir-, and also for repairing.and amending several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon.

Ordered, That Sir George Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keepJ Crewkense ing in Repair, several Roads, leading to and from' Crew-; *a*<1* kerne in the County of Somerset, was read|fee Third Tittle.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ano^hat the Title'; be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping iif Re-: . pair, several Roads, leading to and from CrewketWiin . the County of Somerset..: * ;V

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do-earry: the v Bill to the lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of certain Landsman ike St. George* County of Kent, settled upon the Rector, of the PaVith ®«wfl»urjr, of Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money arising the reby, in Manner. therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector, -. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be. An Act for Sale of certain Lands, in the County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint.

George, Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the 'Money arising thereby in Manner therein, mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris of Chrifi Church do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Shrewsbury made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his fate Majesty,.. _ . .*j>. for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgenothe County’ of Salop-, and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynajlcnf Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John HyndCotton, Mr. Black-Jtone, Mr. Dodd, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Jachfon, Mr.

Lozvndes, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.;

Sir William Codrington, Mr. Harris, Mr. Colleton, Sid

Edmund Isham, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Cujt, Sir Robert,

Mr! Butler, Mr. € holm ley. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Roger NeWdigate, Mr. Shiftier,

Mr. Legh, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Holt, Mr.

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Rider, Mr, Lord Hariy

Powlet, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Edm'Ohftone, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Rice, Mr. Norris; and all the Members who serve for the Cqunties of Salop, Hereford, , Stafford, and

Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they ' are to meet, this Afternoon, m Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Wilson’9 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Adk for veiling the settled Estates of Ann Wilson, Widow; and Ann Wilson, her Daughter, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame, was commuted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the '

fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill 'was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment,

Mf.

5 Geo. III.

ii° Martii.

237

Carmarthen

Roads.

Sebrabam

Inclosure.

Mr. Rice presented to the Hotffe, according to Order, Grame, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Colleton, General Mn

a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, Ridley, Mr. Dodd, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Pye, Mr. several Roads leading from Kidzvely, in the County of Whichcot, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Maw bey, Mr.

Carmartken-, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, vendish. Lord Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray,

in the said County: And the same was received; and Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Charles Montagu, Sir William read the Eirft Time. Meredith, General Irwin, General Howard-, and all the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Hotting-

A Bill for confirming the Allotments of, and for in- "">r> York< 7'

doling, the Common, ltd several Waste Lands in, the *',ey are to meet^his Afternoon, at Five of the

Manor and Parish of Sebraham, othemife Srberghm. in Clock’the SP£ak'rt Chamber.

the County of Cumberland, was read a Second Time. A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty

Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Robinson, Mr. of Wilford, in the County of Nottingham, was read a

Onslow, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Milles, Mr. Wilbraham Second Time.

Wilford

Inclosure.

Bootle, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Murray, Mr. Waljh, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Norris, Mr. White, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Pennan, Mr. Whitworth, Sir

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Paterson, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hayes, Colonel Barr I, Mr. Glover, Mr. Forrester, Sir

Edward Bayntun, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Delaval, Sir George William Codrington, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Tucker, Lord

A1 hallows on the Wall Church, (London.)

Saviile, Mr. Fiizherbert, Mr. Rice, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Ridley, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Sandys, Lord Grey, Mr. Meynell, Mr. Sca-wen. Sir George Montgomery Mr. Bentinck, Mr.

Ryder, Lord Midleton, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Mawbey-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Ladbrooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the He ft or of the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground

Mr. West, Mr. Ridley, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Burt, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fiizherbertx Lord Bateman, Mr.. Walpole,

Mr. Montagu, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Legk, Mr reau, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Skiff tier. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Bertie, Lord Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, Leicester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and indofing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and

and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and Parish of in the County of York, was read

from the said Church and House more commodious, the Third Time

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true'; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments theicunto; which they

had directed him to report to the House; and he read Flamborough, in the County of York.

Mansfield

to

Xelftidge

Road.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavenish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County

Flamborough

Inclosure*

Rofolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Bofion Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Ktfleven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Glymie, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Colleton, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Hayes, Mr, Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Holt, Mr. Drake, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Bourne

Drainage.

of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Notting- Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Glover, Dr. Hay,

ham Turnpike Road, near Tanjley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley , to the Ckefierfield Turnpike Road at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Mr. Morton, Mr. Gilbert, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Legh, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Burrell, Lord Downe, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Colonel Bane, Mr. Rice, Mr. Townshend, Lord Grey, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fane, Lord Charles Montagu, Mr. Methuen,

Hart thorn luclosure.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and ®r *7’" J"1’’ U*d S". *" N

mimr.n Field.. Common Mead,. Common and Rdm"nd 4®*»S ">* the Members who

lerve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham,

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartshorn, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Willoughby, Lord Downe, Mr. Fiizherbert, Mr. Onslow, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mr.

Lascelles, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Calvert, Lord Bateman, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Glover, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Dyson, General

Vol. 30.

Northampton, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or a near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton; and from Nuns

Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr.

3 P

Great

Grimsby

Roads.

Aflackby

and

Dowsby

Inclosure.

keelby

Inclosure.

Somerton

inclosure.

Cropton

Inclosure.

138 ii° Martii.A. 1765.

Bertie, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Skiffner, Mr. Drake, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Wilbraham Bootle, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Cujl, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray,

Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. HMr. Glover, Colonel Barre, Mr. Fonnereati, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Laurence, Sir Smith, Mr.

Mr. Bouverit, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Jackson, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Ix>rd Coleraine, Mr. Morton, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Morant, Mr. Hewett, Lord Thomond, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet’ this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Fen, in the Parishes of AJlackby and Dowsby, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. IVhie he ot, Mr. Glover, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Drake, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Holt, Mr. Colleton, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Morton, Mr. Delaval, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Legh, Lord Robert Bertie,

Mr. Boulton, Mr. Grey, Lord -Coleraine, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Jackson, Sir Edmund Isham, Colonel, Barre, Mr. Burrell, Sir Thomas Hales-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Keelby and Stallingborough, in the County of Lincoln And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somerton, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Dashwood, Lord Charles Spettcer, Sir Smith, Sir

Thomas Cave, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Grey, Mr. Knightley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Drake, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Grey, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Glover, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rice, Mr. Coutts, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Martin, Mr. Delaval, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cujl, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Legh, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Foley, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Northampton, Warwick, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Wat fun, Gentleman, and John Brown, Owners of several ancient Freehold Messuages, Cottages, or

Fronts, in the Town ship of Middleton, in the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and several other Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages and Fronts, and of Lands within the said Manor, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the said William Watson and John Rroww, whose Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the Yearly Value of £. 40, or thereabouts; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to the Annual Value of £.3,000, or thereabouts; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Price’s to enable Brigg Price, Esquire, and his Issue, to take -Name, and ule the Surname of Fountabie, and to bear the Arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine, Knight, deceased, was read the Fftrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dobinfon’s for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of dilate, Cumberland, late the Estate of William Dobinfon, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Fento* to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, and a certain Free Common, called the East Moor, in the- same Parish, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

General Howard presented to the House, according Masbrou?l* to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands indofure. and Grounds, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, in or near the Village or Hamlet of in the Township of Kimberworth, and in the’ Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Newton to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing* certain Inclosure. Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in

the

5 Geo. III. 11° MartiL 239

the Town ship and Parish of , in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in

in the said County, was committed. That the Com- ‘ mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques* tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended it the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account; An Account of the Annual Balances of the dead SuitoVof Calli and Securities of the Bank of England, belonging Chancery, to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the Year 1739, to the 23d Day of February last, inclusive; distinguishing the dead Calli from the Securities in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court, is committed.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Efates ®f A Bill to quiet the present Possessors of Leases from Ecclesiastical Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and granting*’ Collegiate, of Tithes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal He-Lease*. reditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases, and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments; with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into making Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Exchanges. House> to whom the Bill to enable Ecclesiastical

Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to exchange their Lands, under certain Restrictions therein to be limited, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly jr

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by -the House; to the Bill.

Vpx.. 30.

1 «m2

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed:; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the other passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of certain capital Stocks thereby established, amounting together to the Sum of £. 20,240,000, at the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, for certain Terms, of Years, and then to be reduced to £. 3 per Centum per Annum, which Annuities are, by the said Acts, made payable Half-yearly, on the 5th Day of July and the 5th. Day of January in every Year, and were, by the last mentioned Act, consolidated and made one joint Stock, shall, from and after the 5th Day of July next ensuing, with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, be payable in the Manner following, that is to say; That one Quarterly Payment of the said Annuities shall be payable on the 10th Day of next; and that the said Annuities, from and after the said 10th Day of October, shall be payable Half-yearly, on the 5th Day of April and the loth Day of October in every Year; and that such of the Proprietors of the said Annuities who shall not signify their Diflent on or before the id Day of June next, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to consent thereto.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Qeftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. , and

Mr. Whateley, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Tanner;* Second Year of the Reign of King James the First, &c> intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend (b much of the Act as relates to Tanners: And that Mr. Whitworth, General Howard, and Mr. Hanbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Supply Bill; Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made Exchequer out in pursuance of an Act. passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1764; and for Application of certain Savings1 of Public Monies, and of Monies arising by the Sale of Military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

Ordered,

Acts

relating to

Highways.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

110 Martii. Jl* 1765.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon last,

were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts, made in the 26th, 28th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Amendment and Pr^jfervation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto; and which Resolutions were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for preventing the Passage upon Turnpike Roads being straitened or confined by Polls, Stones, or other Means.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the Meeting of the Trustees of any Turnpike Road, in Cafes where they have neglected to meet on the Day appointed for their Firil Meeting, or where they cannot meet for want of a proper Adjournment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood the 31st of December 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Plans of a Lazaret proposed to be built on Chidney Hill, near Standgate Creek, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, marked A, B, and C, containing Mr. Stuart's Report, Estimate, and Paper of References, relating to the building of the said Lazaret, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from' the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a' Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Laws relating to the General Post Office, and to the Office commonly called the Penny Post Office.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

>4

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson~al[o acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Clothing. Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of the 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of a Captain, for One Yehr, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1765, that they do allb prepare an Estimate of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence for the Captains of Companies in the said Militia, for One Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to A As

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, relating to consider further of the several Acts, made in the 26 th, , }° 28th, and 30th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty 16 King George the Second, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto;

Ordered, That the said Order be poftpined.

Mr. Peter Burrell, according to Order, reported from F'fh the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill an^.anbblt for the more effectual preventing the stealing of Fish and Rabbits, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they haddireded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Poor Lams the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, foe including Counties Corporate in the adjoining County.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, enabling Overseers of the Poor to relieve Poor Persons, in Cafes of Accidents.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bilk

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into \Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Glover took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed jthe Chair.

Mr. Glover reported from the Committee, That they had made several" other Amendments to the Bill; which

they

5 Geo. III. 11" — t26 Mattii. 141

Symonburn

InclosWc.

Houghton on the Hill ladofuie*

Bawtry

Bridge,

&c.

Roads.

they had directed him to report, when the House wiU please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of Hie Clock.

Mortis, i 2P die Mortii;

Anno 5* Georgii III*" Regis, 1765.

P* AVERS.

R.Delavalpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill’ for dividing and inclosing Two Moors or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of Warke, and Parish of Symonburn, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Comtnonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of Leicewas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Vaimer. Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drax, Lord Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Cadogan, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Cust, Sir Richard Philipps, Mr. Bader, Mr. Lovett, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Legh, Sir Lionel -

kington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Which Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Parker, Mr. Hewett, Sir Rennet Garrard, Mr. Ross, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Grey, Mr. Pye, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sturt, Mr.

Jones, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Fane, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Tern-pest, Mr. Noel-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Nottingham, and

Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants residing in and about North Willingham, and Hainton, in the County of was

referfed, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Daniel Scott said. That the Road leading from North Willingham to the Town of Six Hills, and from thence to the BlackfmitKs Shop in Hainton, in the County of

Lincoln, is in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Part?, narrow and incommodious, and unlafe for Travellers: and cannot be effectually amended and widened by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln; and from West Raisin to Pilford B; and from the great Road, about Six Furlongs West of Bishop Bridge, to Bishop Norton Common -, and from the Hamlet of Morton to Crowle ;and from Snow Sewer to Kinald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln; is committed} that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the great Road in North Willingham, to the Town of Six Hills, and from thence

Vol. 30.

to the BlackfmitKs Shop in Hainton, in the County of

Lincoln.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtty Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Road from Thorp Hall Mill aforesaid, through Westgate End, Break-Neck Lane, and Goosepool, to the Blue Stone Inn Backgate, in Louth, and from thence over Louth South Field, by Kennick Thorne, through Manners Lane, through the Parish of , over Calcey,

over Drily Warren, and Part of Ulceby West Field, to the North End of the Lane between Dexthorp and Lang-ton, in the said County, is ruinous, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said last mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House 1

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Lord Brovmlow Bertie, Mr. , Mr. Prowse, Sir

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lafeelles, Mr. Scudamore, General Lambton, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Meyrick, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Ed-

mon/lone, Mr. Harbord, Sir Lionel Mr. Wil-

braham Bootle, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bull, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Morton, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Byde, Mr. Noel, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Fomereau, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bouverie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Fork, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to in

the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for amending the Road from the in

Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Key berry Bridge, to the Padkgeat , and from the

laid Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ham Bootle, Mr. Bagot, Sir Edmund IJbam, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Prowse, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Eames, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Hewett, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Major, Mr. Meyrick, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Charles Montagu, Sir

LynchSaluftmry Cotton, Mr. Henniker, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Richard Philipps, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Join Hynde Cotton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Strange, Lord Carysfort, Colonel Barre, Lord Fife-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilbraham Booth presented to the House, ac-3 Q cording

Bawtry

Bridge,

Sc.

Roadu

Bdby

Pinfold,

&c.

Road*.

Key berry Bridge, 61c. RoaJ*

Stockport,

&c.

Reads.

Cropton

Inclosure.

Kipping#

Cross

Road.

Southwark

to

Hartford

Roads.

242 i sf MarttL.

cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons

Lane End, in the said County; and from the , in

Ashton under Line, in the County of Lancaster, to DoBors Lane Heady in the County oiYork-, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road, in the Township of Bredbury, to Motram, in the said County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrOfied Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kippings Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Rorfemonden, and htcrft, by the Left-hand Side of Idea Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilfiey Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke;

and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and

from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to JVanfhutts Green, in the County of Kent; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kippings Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsemonand Goudhurst, by

the I xft-hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on IVilfley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke', and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Under-den Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanfhutts Green, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of the Towns of Greenwich, Charlton, Wool-

wich, Plumpstead, and Erith, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, to amend several Acts passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, from the Stones End, in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to

Hartford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road, on Biackheath, near Greenwich Park through Chart-

ton, and over Woolwich Common, to Woolwich Warren is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Provision maybe made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Strange, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Lultrell, Sir Charles 16

Mor daunt, Mr. Barr elf Mr. Coventry, Sir Lionel kington, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lord Charles Montagu, Mr ..Martin, Mr. Fuller, Sir

Mr. Houblon, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Meyrick, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Montagu, Mr. ker, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lord

Hinchinbrook, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, Essex, and Sussex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thy Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers# and'Records.

Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Draycot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee fouL examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found, tte same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone thr9ugh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which' they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thy Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. ' i

O

A Bill to enlarge certain Rowers granted by an Act, passed in the 2ad Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich; was read a Second Time. /

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henni-ker. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pnrwfe, Sir Richard Philipps, . Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sturt, Sir Smith, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Parker, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Townjkend, Mr. Jackson, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. tier, Mr. Kyfiafton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Major-9 Colonel Barre, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fonne-

reau. Lord Digby, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Herne, Mr. Eames, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prefect, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Kent and Essex-, and for the Sea Coast Counties; and all the Merchants'of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Sahjbiay, and several other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the said Turnpike Road, to Fifty Yards beyond the Shop at Littleton-, and from the said Turnpike Road to Mr. Jennen's Well, and to Salter's Lane, at Chal-derton, and from thence to Mullens Pond; and also a Lane called Appiejhaw Lane, leading out of East Chal-derton, to the Andover Turnpike Road; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place;

Draycot

Indofutc.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Mullen’s

Pond,

&c.

Roads.

Wilson’s

Estate.

Crofsford

Bridge,

&c.

Jtoad.

Walkcien

Iaclolure.

Manchester

and

Salford

Street*.

Spalding High Bridge, &c. Road.

Geo. III. £43

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to and the rest were agreed to by the House} and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. C/tolmleydo carry to the Lords, the

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Ann , Widow, and Ann Wilson, her Daugbter,‘an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Debts and Incumbrancess affecting the feme; and acquaint their Lordships that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Strange prefen ted to the House, according: to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the ieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge to Manchester; and for amending the: Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid to a certain Place in Altrin, in the County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Ol der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Moor,

and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called,

within the Manor of WorJleyin' the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the Fhrft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

T* ' *'

A Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Pafls^es, within th? Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of and for efta-

blishing a Regular Watch, and for providing Fire-Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns; was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. W'tlbraham Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. , Mr. Co-

ventry, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Touchet, Mr. defwell. Colonel Hot ham, Mr. , Mr. Cocks, Lord

Coleraine, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Lord Mr.

Toivt.jhend, Mr. Glover, Sir Mr.

Mr. Dyson, Colonel Barre, Mr. Best, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bull, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Nix. Montagu, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Thomas Mr. Aider-

man Beckford, Mr. Stanley, Mr. , Mr. Norris, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster,

Westmor eland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term of, and render more ef- feftual, an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth,

and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in

the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed ter Lord Browulow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Mr. Willoughby, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr. Curzon, Sir

Robert Long, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Sir Charles

Mor daunt, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sir

Bampjylde, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calvert, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Pa terson, Mr. Webb, Sir Smith, Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Garth, Colonel Howe, Mr. Pent on, Mr.

Vol. 3c.

Sir William' Codrington, Mr. Burt, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Wilbr/iham Bootle, Sir John ;Gibbons, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Byde, Mr; Jackson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, York, Nottingham, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find Application has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wisbeach, in the , Isle of Ely, through the Town of Islington, to Long Bridge, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of t

and that the Road from. Islington aforesaid, to Cfofs Keys Wash, in the said County of Norfolk, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be repaired and widened by the . present Methods provided by law: And therefore pray-,ing. That Provision'q^jbbe made in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manners to the House shall seeth meet. . ..,

Ordered,.That the said petition be referred to ti*e Consideration of the Cotynnittee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who live near the great Road leading from Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, to Long Bridge, in South Lynn, otherwise All Saints, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Pere-grina Townsend, Wife of James Esqmre, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregma Townsend, Wife of James Townsend, Esquire. \

Ordered, That Colonel Barre do carry the Bill tp> the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r

Lord John Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual,;an Act, passed an. the 12th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for pr9-. venting any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament; And the feme was received; arid read the First Time. . .,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second Time.. ...,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. HolforcL&xu$ ^Ir-Harris: - -

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . for continuing^and rendering more eflSbftusd, "I'wo Acts, passed in the 'twelfth Year of King George the First, and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein tr^ntioned, in the Counties of and Suffolk-, and for repairing and widening several other Roads, in the Counties of Essex and Hertford-, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, Tying within the Townshipsand Hamlets of and Hvrnton, in, the

Parish of Horleyaforesaid, in the County of Oxford, with

foiue Amendment?; to which Amendments the Lords desire their Concurrence of this Hoyle. - .

And then the Mefleygers withdrew* 1

The

WifSeach

to

Lynn

Road.

Townsend's

Nat.

Privilege

Parliament.

Shenfield,

&c.

Roads.

Horley and Horn ton Inclosure.

Accounts} Wool, Sec.

CSlores, See.

Act!

relating to

Highways.

Turnpike

Road*.

244

12* Martti. A. 1765.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 16.1. 1, leave out "Joseph," and insert "Richard." 50. 1. 24, after being* insert " or to any other " Person."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool, Woollen Yarn, and Bay Yam, imported into England from Ireland, from Christmas 1740 to Christmas 1751; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Woolsells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool-flocks, Wotted , Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets',’ Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs, of Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or Wool-flocks, imported into England from Ireland, from Christmas 1743 to Christmas 1764} distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all Foreign manufactured Gloves and Mittens, which have been seized by the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and condemned, for Seven Yean laftpaft; distinguishing each Year} with the Produce arising from the Sale thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

Ordered, That the Two first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider of an Act, made in the t6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pub That l^ave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of Turnpike Roads, by limiting the Weight of Carriages, and erecting Weighing Engines for that Purpose j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telte for h. , }

XeUers for the } 9*-

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards discharging Bills payable in course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the ^7*aBd

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ran* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afteTwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Rates established by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, for the Conveyance and Postage of Letters and Packets, between London and the Dominions in

America, and between any Places within the said Dominions, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from London, to any Port in the British Dominions in America, and from any fixch Port in London, for every Single Letter One Shilling, for every Double Letter Two Shillings, for every Treble Letter Three Shillings, and for every Ounce Four Shillings Sterling Money; and so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets, from any Port in the British Dominions in America, to any other Port in the said Dominions, for every Single Letter Four Pence, for every Double Letter Eight Pence, for Treble Letter One Shilling, and for ever}’ Ounce One Shilling and Four Pence Sterling Money; and so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Inland Postage, not exceeding Sixty British Miles, of Letters and Packets, to or from any chief Poll Office, within the British Dominions in America, from or to any other Pfirt of the said Dominions, and of such Letters anti Packets conveyed from any other Post Office, as shall not be brought to any chief Post Office within the said Dominions, for every Single Letter Four Pence, for every Double Letter Eight Pence, for every Treble Letter One Shilling, and for every Ounce One Shilling and Four Pence Sterling Money; and so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

Resolved, That it it the Opinion of tbb Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon such inland Postage of Letters and Packets, upwards of Sixty British Miles, and not exceeding One hundred British Miles, for every Single Letter Sixpence, for every Double Letter One Shilling, for every Treble Letter One Shilling and Sixpence, and for every Ounce Two Shillings Staling Money; and so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds,

Writs, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon such Inland Postage of Letters and Packets, upwards of One hundred. British Miles, and not exceeding Two hundred British Miles, for every Single Letter Eight Pence, for every Double Letter One Shilling and Four Pence, for every Treble Letter Two Shillings, and for every Ounce

Two

5 Geo. III. 128 Martii. 245

Two Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling Money; and To foliations: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the

in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Exchequer, the Lord Sir John Turner-, Mr.

things. ter, Mr. Harris of Christ Church, Mr. Attorney General,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Solicitor General. Mr. and Mr. Whatdy,

That there be granted to His Majesty, in like Manner - do prepare, and bring in tire fame, upon such Inland Postage of Letters and Packets,

above Two hundred British Miles, for every Single Let- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second North Britain

ter Two-pence, for every Double Letter Four-pence, for Reading of the Bill for regulating the Currency and due

every Treble Letter Sixpence, and for every Ounce Payment of Notes, issued by the Banks and Banking

Eight-pence Sterling Money; and lb in proportion for Companies in North Britain, be now read.

every Packet of Deeds, Writs or other things, in re- And the said Order bein^ read accordingly;

fpcbl of every Distance, not exceeding One hundred The said Bill was read a Second Time.

British Miles, beyond such Two hundred Miles, and to Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

-the like Amount for every such further Distance. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tee of the whole House.

That there be granted to His Majesty, for every such Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-4

Letter and Packet, delivered from any Ship or Vessel, night, the 21 ft Day of this Instant resolve itself

other than Packet Boats, to the Deputy Poll Mailer, at into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, the Ports in Great Britain, Ireland, the British Colonies

and Plantations in America, and all other Parts of the The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax British Dominions, as shall be directed to any Place resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Commissiwier* within the Town belonging to such Port, or within tire the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put inexecq-Limits of the Delivery of Letters and Packets by such tion an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled. Ah

Deputy, One-penny Sterling Money. Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year That the Rates now payable for the Postage of Letters One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together and Packets, by the General Poll, not exceeding One with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Poll Stage, in Great Britain and Ireland, and Two Poll Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Stages in England, do ceale and determine. Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Postage though the feme were not rated or assessed at the Value of Letters and Packets, not exceeding One Poll Stage, of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting in Great Britain and Ireland, for every Single Letter One Time, within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be com-Penny; and so in proportion for Double and Treble menced, with relped to the Qualifications of Persons Letters and Packets, for every Ounce, and for every who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax;

Packet of Deeds, Writs, and other things. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, night, resolve idelf into a Committee of the whole House,

That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Postage upon the said Bill, of Letters and Packets, above One Poll Stage, and not

exceeding Two Pod Stages in England, for every Single The Order of the Day being read, for the House to African

Letter Two-pence; and lo in proportion for Double and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company,

Treble Letters and Packets, for every Ounce, and for consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Com-every Packet of Deeds, Writs, and other things. pany of Merchants trading to Africa;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Anno 2763, the That Provision be made to authorize the Establishment " Account of the Committee of the Company of Mer-of Offices for the Receipt and Carriage of Letters within " chants trading to Africa, distinguishing every Article Cities, Towns, and Places adjacent thereto, in Great " of Expence under its proper Title," be referred to the Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, said Committee.

subject to the like Rates as are now taken, in respect of Ordered, That the Papers, which were preferred to

Letters and Packets conveyed to and from the Office, the House, upon the 8 th Day of February last, relating to

called the Penny Poll Office, for London Westminster, the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on Southwark', and adjacent Parts. the Coast of Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

That the Rates established by the said Act, made in Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Anne, for all Letters and Packets passing from London, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

through the Spanish Netherlands, or the United Provinces, Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they

to Hamburgh, (Port paid to Antwerp or Amferdam) and had come to several Resolutions; which they had direct-from Hamburgh, through the Spanish Netherlands, or the ed him to report, when the House will pie alb to receive United Provinces, unto London, do cease and determine, the feme.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday That there be granted to His Majesty, upon the Portage Morning next, and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from London to

Hamburgh, and from Hamburgh to London, such Rates as The other Orders of the Day being read; are appointed by the said Act, to be taken for Letters Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Matters

and Packets passing from London, to all other Parts of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in

Germany. House, upon the Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum alaric* That the Monies arising by all the said Rates, be appro- of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, priated and applied to such and the same Uses, to which out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of the present Rates of Postage are respectively now*by Law England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and appropriated and made applicable. to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augment-

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ing the Income of the Mailers of the said Court.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the pmr Laws.

Ordered, That a Bill' be brought in upon the said Re- whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief Von. 30, 3 R and

46 12* — 13 A. 1765.

and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Account; Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Silk. Account of all Wrought Silk, or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or the East Indies, which have been exported, from Chr 1760 to 1764;

distinguishfng each Year, and to what Countries; together with the Duties payable thereon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Glover, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Tvzcnfield, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Burt, Mr. Gray, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Drake, Sir Edmund Mr. Funnereau, Mr. Wilbraka Bootle, Sir Thomas

Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. GorSir James Douglas, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilbruham, Lord John , Mr.

Butler, Mr. Lovett, Lord Midltton, Mr. worth, Mr. Ridley, Lord T Mr. Norris, Mr. Ashburnhnm, Sir William Baker, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Pelham', Mr.- Montagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Mr. Fuller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, SuJJe.v, and" Surrey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to1 meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mercurii, 130 die Martii;

Anno 50 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1765, Prayers.

Tytoe River. A PET IT 10N of the Owners and Matters of Ships * . XX residing in the Town of Yarmouth, in Norfolk,

and uling the Coal Trade, was presented to the House, and read.; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that several Petitions have been preleiited, relative to the Navigation of the River Tyne-, and that the Petitioners apprehend the River of Tyne and Harbour of Shields are now irt a much worse Condition for the Purposes of the Coal Trade, and particularly for the Colliers trading to London, titan the same were in Twenty Years ago; and, unless some effectual Methods are immediately taken to cleanse and scour the said River and Harbour, the Consequence will, as the Petitioners conceive, be very prejudicial to the Nation in general, and to the City of London in particular; and that the Petitioners, like other Owners, pay a Duty upon Coals and Ballail to the Corporation of Newcastle upon Tyne, to a very considerable annual Amount; and as the said Corporation daim the Con-iervatorship of the said River, and justify, (as the Petitioners are informed) the receiving the said Duties from an Obligation they are under to cleanse and scour the said River and Harbour, and to keep the same a Place of Safety for Ships to load and lie in: Therefore praying, That the Conservators may be compelled (by such Means as the House shall think proper) to cleanse and scour the said River and Harbour, and to keep the same clean and navigable; and to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premites, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Southwark to amen(^ several Acts, passed in the Fourth to and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Dartford Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the

Roads. Second, for repairing several Roads, from the Stones

End in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lezvif-ham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent; and for extending the said Act to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to the End of Bromley Common, next , and to the Stones

End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee-, and for making an Allowance, out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the 22d Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of Nett1 Street, in the Parish of St. John, to and

through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; was read a Second Time.

A Bill for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by, a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Tho-nrond. Sir Edward Bayntun, Lord Midleton, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Glover, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Burt, Mr. Gas-coyne. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Parker, Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Drake, Lord Winterton, Mr. Rice, Mr. Kynaston, Marquis of Tavi-stock, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ridley, Sir George Pigot, Mr.

Mr. Howard, Lord Strange, Mr. Norris, Mr. Pelham, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Jackson, Sir Blacker, Mr. Maivbey, Sir George Yonge, Sir James Dashwood, Sir James Douglas, Lord Coleraine, Sir John Wynne, Lord Biugherjh, Lord; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Wilts, Dorset, and Cornwall:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurfi Green, in the County of Sthrough and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of

Burwafh, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingrottfed.

An ingrafted a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Al/hallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Hector of the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious, was read a Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of lozus on the Wall, in the City of and for rebuild-

ing the House belonging to the Kctftor of the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces ot Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Pillages to and from the said Church and House more commodious.

Ordered,

Tauntor*

Roads*

Hurst

Green*.

*c-

Road*

Allliallow* on the Wall Church. (London.)

5 Geo. III.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tonbridge Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Maidstone w^10m ^ie Kill for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidjl, in the County of Kent, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. from

m

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Account; made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last ^x^j^uer Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a 1 certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying-:ertain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 176 j; and for Application of certain Savings of Public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of Military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to inlert, in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz

130 Martii.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizeris, and Bufgefles, in Parliament assembled f

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bi.ls; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year 1764; and for Application ot certain Savings of Public Monies, and of Monies arisen by the Sale of Military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

THE Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the above Act, amount to the Sum af Eight hundred Thousand Pounds.

John Hughfon,

Exchequer, the 13th Day of March 1763.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Poor L*ws Mr. Glover, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to 'consider further of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Westminster Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to Paving. whom

the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of , and other

Places therein mentioned; and for preventing Annoyances therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-redled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Voi.. 30.

George Box and Mr. George Wyatt, being severally examined, said, That the said Commissioners have made a great Progress in executing the Trusts fn them repoled by the said Acts, but further Powers are wanting to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and they'mention the following Particulars, wherein they thought a further Extension of Power to be absolutely necessary; viz. to oblige the Commissioners of Water-works to repair their Pipes within a certain Time, to oblige the Surveyors to the Commissioners of Sewers to repair theft Drains and Grates in a certain Time* and in a proper Manner; to extend the Power of the Commissioners to the Squares in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to the Pavement on the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; to impower Three Commissioners to issue Money for Work that has been before ordered to be performed by the proper Number of Commissioners; and to impower a Jury to afiefs the Damage that may be done by altering the Pavement of the Terrace in St. James's Street.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts, passed in the 2d, 3d, and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating the Squares, Streets, and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, with respect to Squares; And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

General Howard, Mr. Dowdesw, Mr. Plumpfre, and Mr. Fitzherbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered,

13 — 14° A. 1765.

Glove

W.inufaduro.

Supply.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the present State of the Manufacture of Leather Gloves, and Leather Mittens; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Sir William Baker, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dyson, Lord Barrington, Mr. Rice, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir George Sai'ile, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Ed Sir Charles Mordant, t, Mr. Harley, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger New-digate, Mr. KynaJlonr Mr. Gray, Lord , Mr.

Burrell, Mr. West, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Rigby, Mr.. Waljh, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Coventry, General Howard, Mr. Ryder,. Mr. Sir

Walter Blacket, Mr. Sandys.Mr. Glover, Lord Orwell, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. White, L.ord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Ongley,. Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gascoyne, Colonel Barre, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. C11JI, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gore, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Wil-

braham Bootle-, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all. who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Foreign manufactured Gloves and Mittens imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years, to last; dif-

tinguishing each Year, together with the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Foreign manufactured Gloves and Mittens, which have been seized by the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and Condemned for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year; with the Produce arising from the Sale thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being reaid, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty

Refelved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Duties and Drawbacks paid thgeon, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Cal-licos, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in the East Indies, exported to any Foreign Countries, excepting the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of an Afc, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the l'irft, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and tosubjeefc Copper Ore, of the Fioduction of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject; and also of an Act, made in the 12th Year of King George flic First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excite, an^ Inland Duties.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paierfou reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pater fen. also- acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House

and Means. re£>[ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Acts relating to the Stamp Duties on Indentures, Bonds, Leases, and other Deeds, in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Account of all Coals exported from England, for the Twenty Years preceding the gth of January 1764, with the Duties payable thereon; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing such Part as. have been exported to Foreign Countries, such as have been exported to Ireland and the lfie of Man, and such as have been exported to the British Colonies and Plantations; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Coals brought into the Port of London, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th January 1765; distinguishing each Year, and from what Places; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Coals exported from Scotland, for the Twenty Years preceding the 5th of January 1764, with the Duties pavabla thereon; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing such Part as have been exported to Foreign Countries, such as have been exported to Ireland and the lfie of Man, and such as have been exported to the British Colonies and Plantations; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of White Callicos exported to any Foreign Countries, except the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with the 11

Jovis, 140 dMartii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

MR. Jackson presented to the House, according to Enlarging I Order, a Bill for veiling certain Glebe Land*, the Edifice"of belonging to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor anding Company of the Bank of England, and for making a Recampenfe to the Redtar of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu thereof: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purliiant to their Order,

An Account of the grol's and net Produce of the Account f Duty of Two Shillings and Four Pence upon Policies of Duties on Insurance, made within the Bills of Mortality, for the Eight last Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of tfye House.

The

5 Gfco. III. 14° Marat. 249

The said Account is preserved amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

A MetfTage from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

lord The Lords Have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ^,r ve^ng an Estate called Woodlandsy in the County of 4W* Wilts, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Clare Halt, in the University of Cambridge, in William Earl of , and his Heirs;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Exportation AlSill to Enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His of Wheat. Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Kecefs of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Mahner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-fog next, refoive itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shelburne’s for veiling an Estate, called in the County of

*"ate‘ Wilts, belonging to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of

the College called Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, in William Earl of Shelburne, and his Heirs, was jead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WHbeach . Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom to the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Road. Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who live near the great Road leading from Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, and County of , to Long Bridge, in

South Lynn, otherwise All Saints, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed; and allb the Petition of several Gentlemen, and o:hers, of the County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Christopher Bell, being examined, laid. That the Road described in the said Petition is in a ruinous Condition, ih many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods pteferibed by Law.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mi Christopher Bell informed your Committee, That the Road from IJlingtori, to a Place called Cross Keys Wash;in the County of Norfolk, is in a ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods pfeftrib'ed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and Widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, Over the End of the Drain next Wisbeaeh River, lying between koptrs Fields and the Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in

in the County of Norfolk-, and from Walfoken Bridge; lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in and from thence td

the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge arid German's Bridge,

Vol. 30.

in the County of Norfolk j and from the Eall End of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the Well End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's in the said County of Norfolk; and trom Islington aforesaid to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Luttrell, Sir John Turner, Sir Armine Wodehouse, and Mr. De Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Privilege Act, pafifed in the 12 th Year of the Reign of King Wil- of Parliament. liam the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the African Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Company, ferred to consider of the Petition of the Committee <jf the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for the more effectual Protection and Encouragement of the Trade to Africa, the Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies, and all Other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee, and Cape Rouge, be veiled in His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for defraying the Expence of maintaining the -laid Forts and Settlements, as well as for the Benefit and Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, it may be proper to confine the Exportation of Gum Senega, from Africa to Great Britain only; and to lay a Duty upon the Re-exportation thereof from Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying to the Southward of Cape Rouge, do continue vested in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the fall Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and to veil, as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts and Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to Afriea: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rice, Mr. Dyson, the Lord Orwell, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Jenytts, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Paterson, Recording to Order, reported from the w»r» Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- *nd M"35, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to

3 S the

250 140 Martii. A. 1765.

the Iloule; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followerh;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bill or Bills, payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the 30th Day of June 1764, who shall, on or before the 26th Day of this Instant , carry the fame, after having had the Interest thereupon computed to the 6th Day of April next, and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Office respectively, to the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, shall have, in exchange for the fame, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for every entire Sum of One or more Hundred Pounds, of which such Bill or Bills, together with the Interest lb marked, shall consist, until the several entire Sums of One or more hundred Pounds, for which such Certificates are to be made forth, shall amount together to One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, and also One other Certificate for the Fractional Part of One hundred Pounds being the Remainder of such Bill or Bills; and the Persons who shall be possessed of such first-mentioned Certificates, of the entire Sum of One or more hundred Pounds, shall upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company, be entitled, in respect of the fame, to the Annuities hereafter mentioned: That is to say; for Two Fifth Parts of the Sums therein mentioned, to an Annuity after the Rate cf Three Pounds per Cent, redeemable by Parliament, and transferable and paid at the Bank of England', for Two other Fifth Parts thereof, :to a proportional Number of Tickets of the Value of Ten Pounds, in a Lottery, to consist of 60,000 Tickets, every Blank to be of the Value of Six Pounds, the Blanks and Prizes to be attended with the like Three per Cent. Annuities; and for the remaining One Fifth Part, to a dike Annuity, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Cent. with Liberty to.convert the same into an Annuity for Life, after the same Rate, with Benefit of Survivorship, in manner following: That is to say; that every Person who shall become possessed, in Right of One hundred Pounds Capital Stock of an Annuity of Three Pounds in such last-rnentioned Annuities, and shall produce, on or before the 5th Day of April 1766, a Certificate thereof, attested by the Cashier of the Bank of England, to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, shall, in lieu thereof, be entitled, from the said 5th Day of April 1766, during the Life of the Nominee whom he shall appoint, to a Life Annuity of Three Pounds payable at the Exchequer, out of the Sinking Fund; and the several Nominees to be appointed in respect of such Life Annuities, to be divided into Clas. fes, the whole Annuity belonging to each Clals not to be less than One thouliind Five hundred Pounds, if Life Annuities to that Amount shall be lb subscribed; and, upon the Death of every Nominee, the Annuity so fallen in to be distributed among the Survivors of the same Class: And the Annuities, in respect of the said first Two Fifth Parts, shall be immediately added to, and made a Part of, the Joint Stock of Annuities, reduced from to 3 per Cent, and consolidated, pursuant to certain Aifts of Parliament, made in the 25th and 26th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty; and the Annuities attending the said Lottery, together with such of the Annuities in respect of the said One Fifth Part as shall not be exchanged for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, in manner above mentioned, shall also be added to, and made a Part of, such Joint Stock, from the 5th Day of April 1766; and all the said Annuities, transferable, and paid at the Bank, shall Commence from the said 5th Day of April i 765, and be payable Half-yearly, on the 10th Day of October and the 5th Day of April in every Year, out of the Sinking Fund: But, in case the several entire Sums of One or

more hundred Pounds, for which Certificates are to be granted by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, orjjis Paymaster or Cashier, in respect of such Bills lo to be delivered in, on or before the 26th Day of this instant March, and of the Interest marked thereon, shall not then amount in the Whole to the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds,-all- Persons possessed of the above-mentioned Certificates for the fractional Part£ of One hundred Pounds, or of Navy, Victualling, or Transport Bills, which were made out on or before the 30th Day of June 1764, and do not amount, together with the Interest thereupon, computed, to the 6th Day of April next, to One hundred Pounds, may, on or before the 5th Day of Aprilnext, after having had the Interest upon such Bills marked in such Manner as is before mentioned, bring the same to the Office of the Treafilrer of His Majesty’s Navy, and shall have, in exchange for the fame, from such Tmal'urer or. his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Sums contained in such Certificates, and for the Amount of the Principal and Interest of which such Bills shall consist; and, upon Delivery thereof, and Payment of lo much Money to the said Governor and Company as shall, with the Sunt so certified, amount toOne hundred Pounds, shall be entitled to the Annuities and Advantages before mentioned: And if any such Certificates for fractional Parts shall not be delivered in, and subscribed as aforesaid, on or before the said 5 th Day of April next, they shall be paid according to the course of the Navy, in such Order as the Bills in Part of which they were granted were payable; and such of them, as were granted in part of Bills bearing Interest shall, from the said 5th Day of April next carry the like Interest to which such Bills were entitled.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty ot Four Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the Isle of , or the British Dominions in America; and after the fame

Rate for any greater or leis Quantity. )

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That there be granted to His Majesty, upon all Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs, mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and upon all Calicos, printed, dyed, painted, or stained, there, which shall be exported from this Kingdom, except to Africa, or the British Dominions in America, a Subsidy of Poundage, after the Rate of Twelve Pence for every Twenty Shillings of the Value of such Goods, according to the grols Price at which the same were Ibid.at the public Sales thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of any sort of White Calicos or Mullins, except to Africa or the British Dominions in America, there be retained, besides the One Half of the Rate or Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the fame, the further Sum of Two Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Goods, according to the gross Price at which they were sold at the Sale of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies; but that such Calicos, which' shall first have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, shall not be subject to the said Duty of Two Pounds, to be retained as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Two Pence for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Policy of Assurance, which shall be made or entered into, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or elsewhere within the Limits of

the Weekly Bills of Mortality, over and above all other Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

5 Geo. III. 14° — 15 251

That thgrc be granted to His Majesty, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Policy of Assurance, which shall be made or entered into in Great Britain, over and above all other Duties.

Resolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the said Duties be carried to, and made Part ol» the Sinking Fund, towards making good the Payment of the said Annuities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Sixpence, imposed by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling imposed by an Act made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, containing any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, be declared to extend to every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Piece ' of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Policy of Assurance or Charter Party.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Harris, of Christ Mr. At-

torney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and Mr. Whately, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called "England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, was com- ’ mitted, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Me of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^an* House, upon the Bill for the more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed Calicos, and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places be- . yond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of . Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Ife of Man.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ea# India Mr. Boulton, according to Order, reported from the Company; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ‘Ofat, on the regulating Qualifications of the Proprietors of East Proprietor*. India Stock, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had ' directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then'a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hdufe. ‘

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for extending the Oath to be taken by Electors at any General Court, that may be held before the 24th of June next.

And the Question being put, That the said Clausebe brought up, ‘ -

It paired in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question .'being put. That the said Report be taken into further Consideration, upon this Day Three Months;

'Hie House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Harris of Christ I Mr. Whately:

Tellers for the Noes (Colonel Barri' letters for the iNoes^ M]%

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Y eas,

42.

}31

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Silk Resolved, That this 1 Ioufe will, upon tdnesday Morn-

Manufe&uie. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art and Mystery, of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, and the several other Petitions relating to Silk, were fe-veraliy referred.

V eneris, 150 die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IlItU Regis, 176^.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Owners of Lands, Te- Wolfingham nements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Incloluw. Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right of Common upon a Moor or Common, or Tract of Wade.

Ground, lying within the Manor of Wolfingham, in the said County Palatine of Durham, commonly called Wol-

fingham Common, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, of a very considerable yearly Value, having Right of Common upon the said Moor or Common, or Waste Ground; and that the Petitioners observe, in the Votes, that a Petition of several Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, has been presented to the House, fora Bill to inclose the said Common; and these Petitioners allege, that there are a great Number of Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, having a Right of Common in virtue thereof upon the said Moor or Waste Ground, who generally live in London, or at a great Distance from the lame; yet that no proper Notices have been given of the above-mentioned Division; and a great many of the principal Proprietors, having a Right of Common upon the said Moor, are. utter Strangers to the Steps taken about this intended Division; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Inclosure and Division of the said Moor or Common will be of great Detriment to the Petitioners, and in general of Disadvantage to all Persons interested in the rremifes, and of no public Utility: And therefore praying, that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Biff.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabl«.

Tythe of Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, liaddar. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3 ift Year of Vot. 30.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Benton the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Com- IDCl°fw mon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Benton,

in

Draycot

Inclosure.

Krantinehaa

Inclosure.

Fenton

inclosure.

252 150 Martii. 1765.

in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Kirs.-Hil-

lary, who is possessed of Two Gxgangs in the said Fields, Who refused to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to it; and aHb except Samuel Cooke, who has Half an Acre of Land; and that the whole Fields contain upwards of 79 Oxgangs; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he lead the Report in his Race; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; 4nd then a Secorid Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Drayeot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Drayeot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Mr. who

is possessed of Five Oxgangs, and Four Fifths of Six Ox-gangs, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but said, he would not oppose it; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how the public Roads shall be repaired.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish of Kettlethorp, in the County of Lincoln, and a certain free Common, called the East Moor, in the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish oin the County

20

of Lincoln, and a certain free Common, called the East Moor, in the same Parish.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrer.cc.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Grounds* within the several Parishes of Keeiby and Stallingbou in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Rice, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Dyson, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gray, Lord Strange, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Parker, Mr. Dempfler, Lord Carys-fort, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Glover, Sir George Savile, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cemits. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Montagu, Mr, Blackstone, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Foley, Mr. Howard, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Lord

Catherlcugh, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Shaftoe; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leadiogfrom.

Llandillo, in the said County; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ricey Mr. Cholmley, Lord Howe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drake, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dyson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Glover, Lord Strange, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gwynne. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Price, Mr. Gray, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bttller, Mr. Long, Lord Orwell, Mr. -nereau, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Parker, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Blackstone, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fane, Mr. Howard, Lord Grey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. For refer; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales-, and for the Counties of , and

Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read-the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Or-, der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields

and

Neu-foo

inclostice.

Keeiby

Inclosure.

Carmarthtfe

Road*.

Cropton

Inclosure.

Carlton

upon

Trent

Inclosure.

5 Geo. III. 15* Martii. 253

add Common Pasture, Common Meadow, Common Unit the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lord- ingrafted.

ship of Cartlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham;

And the feme was received; and read the First Time. Mr. John divert reported from the Committee, to Hertford

Eejbbed, That the Bill be read a Second lime. whom the Petition of the Church-Warden, Overseers Church.

of the Poors add principal Inhabitants of the United EDcter Mr. Htwettreported from the Committee, to whom Parishes of All Stunts and Saint John, in the Town of hdafac. (he Bill for dividing and indoiing certain Open Com- Hertford, in the County of Hertford; and also the Peti-rhon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in EUerker, in the tion of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto '

Parish of Brmtingham, in the East Riding of the County subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committed of Turk, was committed, That the Committee had exa- had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to-be- true; and that the Piarties concerned had given to the House; ana he read the Report in his Place; Ind their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where mittee; except the Proprietors of Six Oxgangs and the same was read; and is as followctb; vit. an Half, ana Five Common-tight Houses; and that ' To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. the whole Lands intended to be indafed conlift of John Taylor, Architect, being examined, laid. That he 75 Oxgangs, and 51 Common-right Houses; and that had surveyed the Church of the said united Parishes; no Petlon appeared b^bre the Committee, to oppose that it is in a ruinous Condition, and, in its present (he Bill; and that the Committee had gone through State, unfit for the Parishioners to resort to, to attend the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Divine Service; but that k is capable of being ef-which they had directed him to report to the House; feftually repaired, and made, not only lafe, but com-and he read the Report in his Place; and after- modious.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Mr. Thomas Hill, a Carpenter, and Mr. Samuel the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once ton, a Bricklayer, being severally examined, confirmed read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by the Evidence of Mr. Taylor.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon Mr. Saunders, being examined, confirmed the,

were agreed to by the House; above Evidence, in regard to the present Condition of

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the said Church; and added, that the Parishioners are

how the public Roads shall be repaired. unable to repair the said Church, without the Aid of

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Parliament.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for made Part of the Bill. repairing the Church of the united Parishes of Smuts

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford: And that Mr;

ingrafted. Calvert, Mr. , and the Lord Howe, do pre-

pare; and bring in, the lame.

ffcwtoa The Lord Howe reported front the Committee, to,

Abb?* whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead- An inarossed BUI for repairing, widening, and keep- Hurst Green, ing from the South End of the Town and Borough of ing in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike &c. Newton Abbott, in the County of Devon, through the Road on Hurji Green, in the County of through

several Parishes of fPoolbetough, AbbottsKerfwell, Kings and to the Extent of the Parish of Kcrfwelt, Marledon, Paiugtou, Churfeu Ferrers, BrixhaUt,in the fold County, Was read the Third Time,

and Kingswear, to the Paifrge Way in Kingstt/ear afore- That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

laid, opposite to the Town and Borough of Often be. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in

Dartmouth Hardness; and also the Road leading from Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on the End (next adjoining to the said Town of Newton Hurji Green, ifc the County of through Etching-

Abbott) of a certain Lane leading out of the Turnpike ham and Bunoeflt, to the Extent of the parish of Jar-Road between Newton Abbot and Totnet, towards the "tnafit, in the said Courtty.

Village of Abbotts Kerfwell, to and through that- Village That Mr. Butlef do cafry the Bill to die

to Five Lanes, in the Road before desertbed; and also, Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

the Road leading from a Bam, lying near to Smoky

House, in the Parish of Marledon aforesaid, called Lang- The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to ftpnliun ver's Barn, through the several Pa:ifhes of Marledon Whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and indoiing di- P^d

and Ipplepen, in the fatcTCounty, leading to the Turn- vers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Lymm

pike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes aforesaid; Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the County of Chtfer, I"dofure.

and also the Road leading from a Common called was committed, That the Committee had examined the

Galmpton Warborough, through, the said Parishes of Allegations at the Bill, and found the ftme to be true;

Brixham and Churfton Ferrers, and the lower End of and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

Churjion Ferrers Town, by a Blacksmith’s Shop there, to to the Billy to the SatisfitftioA of (he Committee; except Monks Bridge, and from thence to Brixham Quay, in the John Hatton, at Quaker, whole Estate in the Townlmp said Parish of Brixham; and also the Road leading from of Appkton is about £. 8 a Year, who refuted to sigh the

the said Barn called Langver's Barn, through toe laid Bill; and also Two Other Periods, who are only Cot-

Parishes of Marledon and Paington, to the North End of tagers, who could not be found; and that the Value of

Paington Town, within the said Parish of Paington; was the whole Manor of Appleton is about £. 1,500 a Year;* committed; That the Compyhtce had examined the Al- and likewise except the Widow Whole Estate

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; in the Manor of Lymm is about £. 10 a Year, who refilled and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, to sign the BiQ on account of the Expence; and also and made frverat Amendments thereunto; which they except George Esquire, Captain of a Man of

had directed him to report to the House; and he read War, who is at Sea, ami whole Estate in the said Manor

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the is about 14 a Year; and that the whole Value of the

BHr, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table* said Manor is about £.a,oooo a Year; and'that the Com-

Where the Amendments wefe Once read throughout; mittee' had gone1 through the Bill, arid made several

and their a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the' Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Question severally put thereupon, several of them were report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; disagreed (0; and the rest were, with ad Amendment to and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

One of them, agreed to by the House; and levetal in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Amendments Were made, by the House, to the Bill. Once'read throughout; and then Second Tune, On*

Vol. 30. 3 T by

Dobinfoa’s

Estate.

.g

Cambridge

Road.

Tribes

Name.

?54

1,5° Ma

n

by Onei an4..PP0P;the Question severally out there- for repairing, widening*, and keeping in Repair,.>fv<y:d, Cr;wfccrae

.. K 11 ' '* i T^nr tA flrir] l-iv^rY- /° vorro^b^m a in tVir* f'rm n t V. nf* R n^rls:

upon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for pre-serving the Rights-of the Duke.of Bridgewater, with respect to his Navigation, »

‘ An^ the said' Clause was Twice read; arid, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be mpde Part of the BilR, ' ’ .

.Another Clause was offered to be added, to the Bill, directing how Monies paid by, the Duke of Bridgewater, for Lands, purchased by virtue of the Acts for making

hi? Navigation, shall be applied.

" And the said Clause w.^s Twice read, with Blank?; North (Jpunty cjf without^ny.

which, being filled up, the said Clause was, upop the Amendment: And a[Gj«

Question put thereupon, agreed to by tjiq' Hpule, to We made Part of the Bill.; . y

D/deifed, That jthe Bill, with the Aniendm-nts, be

Roads leading torrid fjjym Crewkfr/ie, in the County of, Somerset, without any Amendment: And also,. \ ,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, AjO A5* for dividing and inciting the Open and Common Fields' and Grounds, within the Township of other wise

Owram, in Holderuefs,. uv.tpe County of Turk, without

any Amendment; Andplfo, ... . Y--

The Lords hav$ agreejj.ta the BiH^intituled, As Ad f >r. dividing and tpplpfipg the Open and Common Fields, Cpmrpon.Meadpws,-Common Pa (lures,-Common Grounds, and Waste (Grounds, in tire PartIK of

The Lords l>ave ,pa$ed a (Biy, ,jjijtituled, Ap A^l for , confirming a^d. ef^blijbjpg')an Agreement be-, t'weep the Master, Breyiyejj*,/and Sifters of the* Bpjf* pital :of, the Lord founded

at Stoke foges,. in (Jc^i’pi’y. of Bucks,. and Thoma^ Pf/7«,.Lfqujre, for. oxcliwoging, certain Lands and Pr^ mrfesin ‘Stoke i^resaid j arylfor rendering d)<j

said Agreement more.eKjftnp), for the Purposes thereby intended"i to whiyj^ tfitj l^ords dehre {he Concur^ fence* of this Mould. j ,j? ?.

A^djdhen the ^f^ejigexs withdrew’.. V'. .'.

i r*"* . a r ’

Ordered, That "the-0?de'r of the Day, for the' Hottfi

to relblye itself into a.Committ.-c Of the whole Hotrteyfd' eonlider furlfrefoP t Re ^Supply granted' to His Mijmy* be now read. T-’- _

: Arid the said Order being read accordingly; *v Ordered, That the Account of Ahe-fArp6unt.of the

Roads.

Ulroms

Iuciolure.

3* . v

North

Kiiworh

Incloiwrc.

Penn’i

Exo.am c.

ingossed.

.\L . r . r.l i*. . i

1An ingrpfled Bill from the Lords, intitUjecf, An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements/ hr the" County of Cumber/and, late the Estate of William Dobinfon,

Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joftpk Batiks, his Nephew, deceased, was read a' Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Richmond Webb, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

tyhtkfon, Mr. Calvert, Sir Robert JLadbroke, Mr. Parker',

Mr. Gilbert, Srr John Hynde Gdtton, Mr. Kytiafion, Mr.

Wilbraham, Sir Jarrit Smith,'Mr: Prejbot,- Mr. Willough-

by, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Rice, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir

Edmund IJBam, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Coventry, 'Lord' Or-vbell, Mr. Shiffntr, Mr.? Sandjt's, Lord Harry Rowlett,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Byde, Sir T/mias Palmer, Mr. Tozvn-Jbend, Sip WetherB/acket; and all the'Members who serve

for the Counties of Westmoreland-, -Cumberland, Northurh-berland, Durham, York, and Lancaster :. Arid, they are to i meet this AFternodh, at FiVe of the Clock, in she Speaker’s Chamber. ' ’

N ;: v. ! ..... . I: -U. ' "

Sir John Hynde. Cotton, repprted from the; Committee, to whom the.Bili/ to continue the Term, ihd alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act> pafl*ed in the Third Year qfjltis prefeHti. Majesty, fft? rtjpairipg^.widening, turning, and keeping in Ueppi.r the Road from the Townof Ccw-bridge j:p Rly, and from thence to Soham; and for build-, ing a Bridge crols the River Qtefe,&t or near a Place

caJ^pd Stret£am Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and for repairing and widening, and making several other Roads adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act; was committed; That the Committee h^d examined the^Allegations of the BtlLand-fbiind the fame-to be true; /aqd that the'Committee had-gone through the Bill, and mSde several Amendments' thereunto; which they had.directed hint to reportto the House; and he-read the-R^pqriliit):hil Place; and-afterwards, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.

Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were. Once readi t^fpughout} and, then ,ar Second Tinto, One by One;. antk upon the Question fevexally put thereupon. One ofj-them. was disagre^d to i and the rest were agreed; to by the House; and ai> Amendment was made, by thet

Houly, to the Bijl. tj ... . >"

Ordered, That 'the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrofled. /. ... ’;

; A Message fy6m tli0 JLords, by Mr. farris ( and Mr.

Angidjli: '

Speaker,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act t<L enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, and his Heirs, coqfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supr tbJ take and use the Surname of Poole, pursuant to the ply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Will' of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased,. without any And the said Order being read accordingly; Amendment: And also, , Resolved, That this House will, upon. Monday Mom-

TJre Lor^l sjiave agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ing next, relblve itfel<inio the said Committee.

Supply.’

Exchequer Bills, made opt i.Q. pbrluafri'ce’' of an Acts passed inrr tHfe Tift Seffiob of PaniatnenVj intituled, 'An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans dr Exchequer Bills; and foy applying certain rMopies, ye-ihairfHig'in the^E&tblt^'er/fof fire Service of dieYbar i y6‘4.;' and for Aj^iltcition of certain Savings df Pub- lie 'Mttnles^ and oPMorties ariseh by the Sale' of MiK-fifjf St3res;: and for* fufthef appropriating the Supplies gtanted in tlris Sessiori of Parliament and' for ReKtf of Persons who haveionrrtted to ihfett, in Indentures' or otlVer Writings, the fall Sum b'e paid with*

Clerks*, Apprentices, and other Servapftj-be rdfemrecP to* the TaidComlnittee: 0 -: 5 ;V; '

Ordered, That fht Report whiefi war made from the* Com mi t fee, to wh'orh the Petition of the Lord Mayoi^. Aldermen, 'and Commons, of ‘the City of London, fa* Common Council ^61^1^, was referred, be referred to the Consideration of Hre said Committee. r

Then the Hoiile resolved itself into the* laid Committee. - ‘ ' ': 1 f ,.

'* Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ‘ "

Mr. Palerson took the Chair of tlje Committee?

- Mr. Speaker resumed the-Chair. - . '

1 Mr. Pater/ok -^reported from the* Committee! That they had come to several Resolutions; which diey had directed’him 'fei report, when the-'House wllf please tcr receive the1 fame/*:; ‘

' - Ordered, That' the Report be received upon 'JMonday Mornifig next.- - -;

Mfi PaterJoH dlfo' acquainted the House, that he was directed by ThS Committee to move that they may1 havfe Leave to fit again. /’'

* Resolved, That-this Housevvill, Upon Monday Morning’ ndxf, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Wijt resolve’ itself into a Committee of the whole.Hpule, to and Mean*.

5 Geo. III. 1.5° Martii. 455

» % \ v’ v ';

Militia Mr. Jenkinson reported from the Committee, who also an Estimate of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence

Pay and were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge for the Captains of Companies in the said Militia, fur One Clothing, of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia,.in that Part of Year; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate Great Britain called England', and of the Amount of N accordingly, which they had directed him "to report to 28 Days Subsistence/for the Commission Officers of the the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and said Militia, pnder the Ranltof a Captain, for One, afterwards delivered, it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where YPar, beginning the 25th Day <?{' Marc ft 17 By, and the same was read; and is as followeth;

ESTf MA T6 of the Charge of the pay and Clothing of the Militia, in-that Part of Great Britain called i ’ England-, and of the Amount of, 28.Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th.Day of AftrrA 1765.-

I tT i

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at ts. each 28 Days - -

Ditto to 70 Adjutants, at 6s. a Day each - -

Ditto to 1,542 Serjeants, at u. a Day each ' . -

Ditto to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d.a Day each: . - -

for additional Pay. to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise, and returning, calculated upon an Average of 4;Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2j. and 61/.: a Week each - «"

Ditto to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d.a Day each 7 . - -

I)itto to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d.a Day each, 28 Days - ‘ - - - -

Salaries, for 70 Battalion Clerks, at f.50 a Year each . 7 -, - -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at -; ‘

Ditto to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for Contingent Expdices, at the . Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer -

Clothing for 30,840- private Men, at £. 1 x os.each- - ' ' - Ditto, for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3ion each - . - Ditto, f<?r 1,200 Drummers, at £.2 each - -

For. additional. Pay, for Clothings Serjeant Majors, and 55 Drum Majors, at 1 each Subsistencevto 498 Captains, at yx-. 6d. per Day, for 28 Days -

Subsistence -to 561 Lieutenants, including Two, Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3s. 6 each, for 28 Days , - - , -

Ditto, to 435 Ensigns, at. 3s.each, for 28 Days -

C

s.

d.

43,176 — — " 7*665 — — 28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,168

455

638

1,079

3,500

4,000

*5 — 8 —

10,023 — — 46^60 — —

5,397 -

2,400 — — -r 108 — —

5,229 — —

2,748 18 — 1,827 — —

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by. the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the of the^ original’.Computations, made, by Mr Mr. How,

Longitude, and Mr. Morris, in August 1762, upon the Trial which Mr. John Harrison'% Time-keeper underwent in his Voyage to Jamaica.

Importation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to oftypol- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; intituled, An Act, for permitting the Importation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do conGder of all the several Law9 now in force relating to the Importation of Wool, Wool-fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool-flocks, Worsted, and Bay and Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Friezes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures, made up with Wool, or Wool Flocks, from the Ports in Ireland, to the Ports in Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday. next, at Twelve of the Clock, refqlve itself into a Committee, of the whole House. to consider of the said;

Vol. 30.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House’will, upon Monday Morn- Brittfe'? ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whollP Fiflury. House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Elbtes of ing.next. reloWe itself into a Committee of the whole Ecclpfiaftfeal House, upon the Bill to quiet the pcefent Possessors of- C°^ming* Leases, from Ecclesiastical Persons, apd Bodies Politic, Lnfa. Corporate , and Collegiate, of Tithes, Tolls, and other-incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years,; in the Enjoyment of fych; Leases; and to enable; EccJe-. fiastical-Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collc7 giate, to grant Leases of /uchJncorpore^ Hereditaments;, with a Remedy to recover the respe&iye Rentsrefeyved.

‘ ’ , . ' ’ , 1 t

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMom- Tythe of ing-next, refolw itfetfinta a Committcfc of the whole Madder-House, upon the Bill for continuing am Act,;nuute in the 31st.Year of itisilate. Majesty’s Reign, for encouj-raging thfc Growth arid Cultivation of Madder,- in that Part of Great Britain called England, by*fcertaining the

Tythe thereof.

‘ Anti then the House adjourned tin Monday Mom-.: : iugriext. Nine q^ the Glqck,.

25<S

l8* Marti.

A. 1^65.

Wetfiwi

te

Leicester

Marafcld

to

Kdltidee

Road.

LMani

Lun*y 18* ate Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

THE Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wolford in the County of Northampton, through Husbands Bosworth, and Great Wigston, to Milflon , in the Town of Leieefier, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

ResolvedThat the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Babins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley , to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanfley, io the County of Derby;. and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike

Road at Kelfiidge, in the county of ; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be committed to Mr. herbert. Lord Grey, Sir Francis Vintent, Mr. Befi, Mr.

Tarhe, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr* Ru/hput, Mr. De Grey, Sir Armine Wodehmje, Mr. Kynafien, Mr. Sir George

vile, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Lord Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Willoughby, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Ryder, Mr. son, Mr. Scaweu, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Price, Mr.

Mr. Buller, Mr. Pater/on, Mr. Burrell, Mr. , Mr. Fortner eon-, and aB the Members who lerve for the Comities of Nottingham, Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. De Grn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extkjguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutehaalias Liteham, in die County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejbhted, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WoMinghaxn

iadofure.

too

Indoiurt.

Clunrf Mr. Rujhoutreported from the Committee, to whom m tb» Hath the Nt for continuing the Terms of several AOts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on. the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Wit, in the County of Gloucester, was committed} that the Committee had examined die Allegations of the Bill, and found the lama to be true; and that the Committee gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table«. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevetatty put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Price’s Aa.ingrossed Bitt from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Brigg Price, Esquira, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of , and to bear the Aims

29

of Sir Andrew Fountains, Knight, deceased, was read a. Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Jack/on, Sir William Owen, Mr. ownjheni, Mr. Torke, Sir Amine Wodehouse, Mr. Sha/toe, Mr.

Wilkinson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Mr. Grey, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Befi, Mr. George Savile,

Mr. Rushout, Mr. Fane, Mr. Norris, Mr. Price, Mr. Fon-nereau, Mr. Joltiffe, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ra/kleigh, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Montague; and all the Mem- bers who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Sha/toe presented to the House, according to Or der, a Bid for inclosing and dividing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of Wolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, td whom Kirkhamrat*. the Bill for dividing and ihdofing several Lands and Grounds in the Townshipof Kirkhammertm, in the Parish of Kirk hammer ton, in the County <A Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cortfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Francis Whatley, who is peftfcfted of Forty Acres of Land in the said Parish, who, on being applied to, laid, he approved of the Inclolbre, but mu ft fee his Tenant before he ligned the Bill; and except John Girnill, who is possessed of Two Acres and One Rood of Land, and who is at Sea; and except Thomas fou, who is possessed of Two Acres and an Half of Laud, who could not be fofrnd; and aBb except Three Pro1-prretors of Cottage Rights, who refused to sigh the- Bill; and One other Proprietor of a Cottage Right, who was not applied to; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of 403 Acres and One Rood, or thereabouts; and that the Number of Cottage Rights amount to Twenty); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then z Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioft severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed ro; and the rest were, with an Amendment to.

One of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Long

Buckby

Iadofure.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, as* cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot', which lies in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sh Charks Mordaunt presented to the House, accord- Granburraw ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Iodofwe. and Common Felds, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Paiifti of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

V'isWch

to

Lynn

Road.

Lowdham

inclosure.

Minehead,

SdC.

Roads.

5 Geo. III. 18° Martii. 157

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Or- der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wif-beaeli River, lying between Ropers Fields, and the Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the lfte of Ely, to the Sign of the

Bear, in Walfoken, in the county of ; and from

Walfoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, anti to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of Lynn, in the said County of and from Islington

afore I aid to Cross Keys Waft, in the said County: And the same waa received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Anmgrdfled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Paftutes, and other Commonable Lunds, lying within the Parish of Lou:dham, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third 'fime.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to enable the Commissioners to enter upon the Premises, where no Distress can be found.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being fifed up, the said Clauic was read the Third Time} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agteed to by the House’, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the BUI, by way of Ryder, allowing Persons aggrieved by any Thing done by virtue of the Act, to appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks } which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hoofe, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to bte made to the Bill} viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 19 c To leave out "as well in the Right 20 \ " of his Rectory impropriate of Lowd* itj M kam aforesaid, as of his other Lands 1% I " theret""

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question' put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Bill was amended at the fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of in-

die County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Willongliby do carry the Bill- to the

Lords, and defiie their Concurrence.

: Mr. Shifnerpresented to the- House, according to

Order, a bill for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the-Port Town and Borough of <,through

and Timberfcombe, to Hele Bridge, and through the Town of Dulverton, and by the River and Brushford Green, to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and from-thence ta Bat kam Bridge, in the County 01; and

from Brushford Green aforesaid, to in the

Parish of Tiverton, in the said County of Devon; and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through and BEl-

brooke, to Hartrtw Gate, in the Parish of Elworthy, in

the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Car hump ton aforesaid, through the Town of- Watch~ ct} in the- Parish of Saint Decuman's, in- the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and through the Village of Putsham, tfnd by Long Cross Barn-, to the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, in the Town , Vol. 30.

of Nether Stowsy, in the County of } and also

from the said 1 own of Wcachet, to Tower Hill, in the Village of IViliton, in the said Parish of Saint Decuman's;

and also from the said Town of by Way of

Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to Stickiepath, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bampton, in the said County of Devon: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tirtie.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the -Rdad from the Bridge at the Halt End of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Co ties bach, to the beruth End of Mill Field, in the Parish of in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill be read a Second Timei,

Mr. Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of id the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill be read a Second Time;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate, called Woodlands, in the County of Wilts, belonging to the M after, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Clare-Half in the liniverfity of Cambridge, in William Earl of , and hid Heirs, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitt-maurice, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Brownlow , Mr. Math* stone, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir George Warren, Mr. Burt, Mt. Gray, Colonel Berth, Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. De Grey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Waller,

Sir William Baker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Gole-raine, Mr. Rice, Mr. Walpole, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Bagol, Mr. Wynne, Sir John HyndeCotton, Mr. Medlytott, Mr. Edmonfione, Lord Strange, Mr. Rvfhout, Mr. Dyson,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Prj>wJe, Mt. -Sir William

Owen, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fitz, Lord- Sack-1

vide, Mr. Townsheni, Mr. FaiSir Waited Blackett Mr. Butler, and all the Members who fetvofor the Counties of Wilts, Cambridge, Dorfpt, and Devon: And they sets to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in th©-' Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from* Stockport, in the County of CJieficr, to in the said County; and from the Cross, in Ashton Line, in the County of Lancaster, to Debtor's Lane Head, in the County of York -, and also the Road branching out of the said First-mentioned Road in the Township of BredHry, to- Motrant, in the said County of was

read a* Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed' to Mr. Wtl-brokam Bootle, Mr: Fairfax, Sir Roger Mr.

Gore; Mr. Ridley, Lord Catherlough, Mr. , Mf. Kynaston, Lord Coleraine ;Mr. Cuff, Mr Rest’, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mor daunts Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Townshend, Lord North, Mr. mauriee, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Edw Mr.

son, Mr. Price Campbell, Sir Charles Ketriys Tynte, Mr. Norris, Sir George Warren, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Sir James Daflvdiood-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Derby, and York} And- they are to-meet this Afternoon, at' Five' of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the Day for reluming* the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from' the Committee} 'to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing- the- Commons and Waste Grounds;

3 U within

Banbury,

&€.

Road.

Braithwell

inclosure*

Lord

Shelburne’s

Estate*

Stockport*

See.

Roadt

Cropton

inclosure#

250 18* Martii. *. 1765.

within the . Manor of Crouton, in the County of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Southwark A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and _*? . other Inhabitants, of the County of Kent, was presented Roads. *° House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill to arriend several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, from the Stones End, in Kent , and,

Southwark, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Road from the End of Bromley Common, towards Farnborough, to Farnborough , where the Turnpike Road leading from Farnborough to Sevenoaks begins, is greatly out of Repair, being in some Parts thereof founderous and deep, and in other Parts thereof much too narrow, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for. extending the said Act to the Repair of the said last mentioned Road, from the End of Bromley Common aforesaid, to Farnborough; or that such other Provision may be made, for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, as to the House shall seem tt(eet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fairfax, Lord George r-ville, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr. Webb, Sir Edward

Bayntun, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ward, Sir Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ongley. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Edmonstone, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Pat erf on^ Mr. Wynne,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Skiffner, Mr. Fane, Lord Grey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. De Grey, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Grey, Mr. Holt, Mr. Prowse, Mi*.

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Fotmereau, Mr. Parker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffix, Surrey, rind Middlef; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

-Mahon Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Pkk°' the Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and Oc-Road. cupiers of Land?, lying near the High Rood leading from the Town and Borough of New in the North

Riding of the County of York, to the Market Town of Pickering, in the said Riding, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as itappeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read-; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Ward, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road leading from Old Malton Gate, to and through the Town of Old Malton, to Pickering, is iira ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary . Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . - amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New

Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York: And that Mr. Cholmley, Lord Brownlow Bertie,

Mr. Finch, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, TwvweH to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the-Manor and Parish of Twywell, in the County of Northampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, accord- ciiatteris ing to Order, a Bill for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry Ferry, through Chatteris, and March, to Wisbeach Saint. to Peters, and from thence to TidGote, in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbeach aforesaid, through Outwell, to' Downham1 Bridge, in the County of Norfolk-, and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbeach' and March: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sefcond Time.'. ‘

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are p^itt thereunto written, residing in or near Newton *«.

Castle, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the' Ro,d* House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending, for repairing and widening the several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road from the Town and County of Poole, to Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, and to Bratten Corner, in the County of Somerset-, by which Bill it is directed, that the Road shall be carried by the Bridge Foot, near the Entrance of the Town, through Bagbere, to Stalbridge, £sV. and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be more advantageous to have it carried through the Town of Sturminster, which is the old Road, and capable of being repaired at a much left Expence than the Road defenbed in the said Bill; and that the carrying the said Road as described in the Bill can be of no particular Advantage to any Place, but will materially affect the Town of Sturminster and Places adjacent, and especially if any Gate should be erected near the said Bridge: And therefore praying, That the above Alteration may be made in the said Bill; or that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of it as will affect them; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premires as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition. be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Dr ax. Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Laf-celles. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Cholmley^ Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Edmund Nugent, Lord Cunyngham, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Eliot, Sir Roger Now digate, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Strange,

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. De Grey, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Grey, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Ky-

5 Geo. Ill,

18® Martii.

259

Rovfton

and

MTai«»fnrcl

SLoad.

Poole*

&c.

JLoad

tiajfon, Mr. Dyson, l>ord CarysforMr. Mr. C«/-

wf, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. , Mr.

Sir George Savile, Mr. Norris, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Join fly tide Cotton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Pattrfon, Mr.; and all the

Members who l"c\c for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Southampton, [Vit'ts, Somerset, and Cor me all: And they

are t.) meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Sir John HyndeCotton reported froth the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the i)th ana 12th Years of Queen Anne, and the 13th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Mtyetty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Bridge,

in the County of Huntingdon-, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions ot Road comprised in the said Acts; and foitomending the Road from ihe Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon;v.as committed; and to whom

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Chief Inhabitants of the several Towns and Parishes of Somersham, Bluntt/ham, Earith, Colne, Pidley cum Fenton,

JVarboys, and Old Hurst, in the County

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 35. To leave out from "Hall" to " by" in 1. 38.

Pr. 5. 1. 38. To leave out " or" andinlert "and by such also as."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereu[K>n, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Blackstone, s’l Sir Roger Nezvdigate:

113-

95-

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the NMSjj <FreMck’Moiitagii.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the Allow.-ance of certain Exchanges and Conveyances of Real Estates, by JEcdefiastical Persons and Corporations, and Trustees for charitable Uses, under the Restrictions therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackstone do carry ^he Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and

of Huntingdon,

whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Mr. Anguish: execution Two Acts of Parliament, paired in the First Mr. Speaker, and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act flamWoBgh King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable ^n<Uofure* Chatteris Perry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste County of, Huntingdon, to Hammonds Eau, and from Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of Flamborough, in thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Towns End, in the County of without any Amendment.

the said County, and also of the several other Persons, reading in or near the Town* of Somersham,

Saint Ives, Holywell with Needingworth, Bluntisham, and Earith, in the said County of Huntingdon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, and also of several other Persons residing near the said Town of Somersham; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Hertford, Houghton with and

Broughtoni in the County of Huntingdon; were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners on the Second-mentioned Petition, by their Counsel,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Wrought Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or the East Indies, which have been exported, from Christmas 1760 to 17641 distinguishing each Year, and to what Countries. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Account)

Silk.

upon their Petition; and that no Counsel appeared for to be perused by the Members of the House.

the rest of the Petitioners, nor for the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards- delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord, Mr. Sandys, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Eliot, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town and County of Poole to IF inborn Minster, in the county of ,

Estates of Ecdcfiaftkal

The said Account is preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of tl?e Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to quiet the present Possessors of Leases from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corpo- Lades. rate, and Collegiate, of Tythes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Yean, in the Enjoyment of such Leases, and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments; with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset, is com- upon the said Bill.

mitted. '

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,-Estates of - The Bill, now ingrafted, to enable Ecdeliastical Per- That the ingrafted Bill for the better Relief and Em-Ecclesiastical fons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to ployment Of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain Corporation; exchanj>e their l ands, under certain Restrictions therein called England, be read the Third Time, Upon this Day Ex chaoses. to was, according to Order, read the Third Three Months;

iMlMk

Time. Voi.

:c.

It pasted in the Negative.

Reeved,

1

360 18° Martii. A. 176£.

Resolved, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The laid ingrossed Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, providing that no Parish shall be included in the Provisions of the Ad, but with Consent of the Majority of the Parishioners paying the Poors 'Rates.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T.1, CTS for «., Yeas,} 9.

T«lkrs for the No«,} '«

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 7. 1. 15. After " Bar"" to insert, " or in the Court " of King’s Bench, in the County of " Middlesex, in the Term next after."

1. 30. After " aforesaid" to insert, " or in the " Court of King’s Bench, in such Term " aforesaid."

1. 35. After Assize" to insert, " or in the " Court of King’s Bench, at the Time " aforesaid."

Pr. 8.1. 33. After " Bar" to insert, " Court of King’s " Bench."

Pr. r 1.1.19. After Place" to insert, " which maintains, or is liable to maintain its own Poor."

Pr. 33.I. 2. To leave out " for any Term not exceeding Seven Years."

Pr. 34.1. ult. After " District" to insert, " and they "are hereby required."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do poss: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that. Part of Great Britain called Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. Mr. Pat erf on, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hoyle, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in . > his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

> . Table: Where the' same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds be

franted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills,' made out Dy virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1764; and for Application of certain Savings of Public Monies, apd of Monies arisen by the Sale of Military'Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Perfops who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices,

_ , and other Servants; and charged upon the First Aids to . .*1 be granted in this Seffiopi of Parlinquent.

Rjefolved.;That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a, Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, be grSnted to His Majesty, to be applied towards the finishing and completing the Works foy improving, widen* ai

ing, and enlarging, the Passage- over; and through,

London Bridge.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th of April 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 10th of Oblobtr 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report, which was made from the Committee appointed to prepare an Eftl-mate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called;

and of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence, for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of a Captain, for One Year, beginning the 1 25th Day of March 1765; and also an Estimate of the Amount of 2 8 Days Subsistence, for the Captains, of Companies in the said Militia for One Year; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His MajestyV Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make fuel) Provision for defraying the Charges of Pay and Clothing for the Militii, for the Year 1765, as the House shall think.necessary.,

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ' _*

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Coojniittccr

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*, ..

Mr. Paterson reported from the Cofomittee, That they had come to several Resolutions;, \ihicft they bkd directed him to report, when the House \yill ple*fe, to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To^-morroW Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hare Leave to fit again. '1

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVedjteflay Mottling next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whqle House, to consider further of the Supply 'granted-to His Majesty.

f '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the of j^tn< Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bili for more effectually preventing the Mif-chiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine-Trade to and from the ljle of Man, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Paterson reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rjefolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Cqmtnittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker Left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

5 Geo. III.

18"^ — 19® Marl'd.

261

Mart is, 190 die Martii J

Anno 50 Georgii I. IT* Regis, 1765. Prayers.

Mw

JMr. Pal erf on reportedirom the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they Jiad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

We of Man. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarle printed Callicos, and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the several Pari foes of Rojfington and Wadicorth; in the the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and West Riding of the County of York; was committed; used in Great Britain: for encouraging the Importation That the Committee had examined the Allegations of of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Lafcellet reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parifoes of Done after and Cantley; and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and all'o several other Lands and Grounds, in

t) oflca(ler Indot ure.

of Man-,be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That, the Report be now received.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto signed, was presented to the House, and read;

Mr. Paterson accordingly reported from the said Com- Taking Notice, that a Petition having lately been laid

Matters

in

Chancery

Salaries.

Importation

of

Wheat.

m it tee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Castle Town aforesaid, Hinton Stint Mary, and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Stalbridge aforesaid; and that the Difference in the upon the Bill, to impower the High Court of Chancery Distance is very inconsiderable; and these Petitioners to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of allege, that the Road through Newton Castle

Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out Town aforesaid, Hinton Saint Mary, and Marnhuli afore-of the common and general Calli in the Bank of Eng- said, is One Mile and Five Furlongs farther than from land, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and' to Sturminster Newton Castle Bridge-foct, to the Red Lion apply the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting and Greyhound Inn, in Sturminster Newton, to Colber, or the Income of the Mailers of the said Court. Sta/bridge Lane, and Bagber; and that the chief of the

Materials for repairing the said Roads are in Bagber and

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, and that the Petition for carrying the said

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Road through Sturminster Newton Castle Town, Hinton the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Mary, and Marnhuli, must be intended to serve

before the House, for an Act, for widening and amending the high Road from between the Second and Third Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town and County of Poole, to Minster, in the.

County of Dorset, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and that it is apprehended that a Petition is intended to be laid before the House, signed chiefly by the Inhabitants of Sturminster Newton Castle Tozvn, in the said County of Dorset, and Hinton Saint Mary, in the said County, desiring that the Bill might not be passed for carrying the said Road through Sturminster, Newton, Colber, ox Stalbridge Lane, and Bagber-, but in Head thereof, may be carried through Sturminster Newton

Ways and Meant.

Britishi

Fisherv.

Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next llecefs of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of tb* Clock.

VroL. 20.

Pool*

See.

Ro.ul,

some private Ends; and that several Gentlemen, and others, are ready to advance £. 1,000 or upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls, for carrying the said Road through Sturminster, Newton, Colber, Stalbridge Lane, and Bagber, but will not advance a Shilling in case the Law should be made for carrying the Road the other Way: And therefore praying, That the Act might be granted for carrying the said Road, as in the Petition already laid before the House, is desired.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto written, residing in or near Sturminster Newton Castle, in the County of Dorset, is referred.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Order,

3 X A Paper,

Discovery

of the Longitude,

Woolictt

Cloth

Mitufacture.

.$62 i o# MaftH. 1765.

A Paper, intituled, " Mr. Reduction of the

" Observations made for the Trial of Mr. s

" Watch And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Mr. Howe's Reduction of the " Observations taken at Portsmouth and Jamaica, for the u Trial of Mr. Harrison's Watch, together with Two " Letters from him, qiarkcd (A) and (B):" And also,

A Paper, intituled, "- Mr. Gael Morris." Inclosing his Red u ft ion of the Observations made for the Trial of Mr. Harrison's Watch.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Grand Jury at the same Sessions, the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Clothiers, and other Manufacturers, in the same Riding; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Buyers, and Dealers in Woollen Broad Cloth, in the Borough of Leeds, and West Riding of the County of York; whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Makers and Manufacturers of mixt Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Makers and Manu* fasturers of White Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Cloth Workers, and Drafters of Broad Woollen Cloths, in the Borough of Leeds, and West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Makers and Manufacturers of Broad Woollen Cloths, in the Borough of , and West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions ;a nd had directed him to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the First, Third, and Fourth mentioned Petitions,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced Three Acts, passed in the 7th of Queen Anne and the 7th and 14th of King George the Second, which were read: And then,

Mr. John Senior, a Cloth Maker, being examined, laid. That Cloth, though it varies 3, 4, or 5 Inches in Breadth, is generally stamped 1 Yard 13 Inches and an Half, which is the Standard Breadth:

That Cloth, which is only 1 Yard 9 Inches in Breadth, h frequently stretched to the Standard; that Commissions are sometimes given for Cloth under the Standard Breadth, which Orders they must either return, to their great Disad vantage, or subject themselves to the Penalties of the Standard:

That it is impossible to weave Cloth to a given Breadth* on account of the Difference in Wool and its Dirtiness, and also in the Milling, Carding, and Stiffening the Warp when the Air is moist:

That Two Cloths equal in every Respect, as to Materials, when milled. One will come out several Inches narrower than the other, occasioned by the different State of the Stocks:

That when Cloth is(milled to the Standard Breadth, it is frequently found greasy, and then is obliged to be milled over again,‘and consequently loses in the Breadth:

That Coarse Cloths mill swiftly, and will, in 5 Hours, <fun up 30 Inches in Breadth:

That if a Mill-man is ever so diligent.it is impossible for him to mill a Cloth exactly to any given Breadth, so as to make it marketable:

That if he mills 50 Coarse Cloths, and the Wool is of the same Sort, which is almost impossible to get, yet there will be Four or Five Inches Difference, or more, in the Breadth of some:

That it is impossible for the Clothier to stretch his Cloth without being discovered by the Merchant who buys it, because the Merchant will wet it, and the Cloth, when it has lain Hours in Water will run up to its original Breadth:

That when a Cloth is milled narrower, by lying longer in the Stocks, it is generally the stouter:

That the Witness was summoned before a Justke of the Peace for a Cloth 2 Inches under Standard, and the Justice being informed it was owing to the Milling, he remitted the Penalty, and ordered him to agree with the Searcher, which Agreement cost him 7*. 6 and he could not name any other Instance of any* one being punished for making Cloth 2 Inches under the Standard Breadth:

That when a Clothes under the Standard Breadth, it is fold 4 d.or 6d, per Yard cheaper, in proportion to the Price and Goodness of the Cloth:

That when the Merchants finds the Cloth narrow, he infills on an Abatement of 3 Yards in 50 in the Length, and sometimes more; and lie keeps a Stoppage in his Hands, out of which he makes these Abatements, and then does not prosecute the Clothier:

That Prosecutions have been commenced within these or 5 Months for Cloth under the Standard Breadth.

And that more Cloths are now made under the Standard Breadth than there were 20 Years ago, owing to the ready Market for narrow Cloths:

That Cloth sometimes comes out of the Mill a greater Length than the Maker desires, owing to the Warp: That if the Wool is short, the Cloth holds out in Length, but if it be long, it widens and contracts in Length,

When Cloth is strained it looks much worse.

That if a Method was found out to have the Cloth truly stamped, and to prevent over-stretching, it would be an Encouragement to the making Cloth broad, as the Maker would in that same be paid for every Inch of his Cloth.

That if the Searchers were to attend at the Mills and stamp the Cloth truly, it would be a Means of prevent-in the Cloth from beingover-stretched.

That the Witness has been applied to for Cloths 5 Quarters wide, but refused the Order, because he would have been, liable to the Penalty, and the Person told him he did not care, as he could get such Cloth in Lanca-Jkire.

That if the Maker was to put his own Stamps upon his Cloth, the Maker and the Merchant might agree together, so that the Maker might Stamp his Cloth more than it really was, and the Consequence would be, that the Merchant would be left at liberty to over-stretch.

That the Maker in effect is at present the Stamper, because the Miller will stamp the Cloth as the Maker directs, notwithstanding the Maker is answerable to the Merchant for the Width of the Cloth.

That if a General Inspector was appointed, the Witness. apprehends the Maker and the Merchant might llill combine together, and prevent the Inspector seeing the Cloth.

That the Merchant’s Remedy is against the Clothier, and the Clothier's Remedy is against the Searcher, and that the Merchant has an Interest, if he has bad Designs, in wishing the Clothier to make Cloth under the Standard, and the Clothier has an Interest in desiring the Searcher to mark his Cloth the full Breadth.

That if there was nit any Standard, the Clothier

would

* ’JL*

uf Martii. $63

5 Gto. HL

would have no remaining Iteafon ;to wlfh that his Cloth should be over-stampt, in hopes of imposing on the Merchant, because his Cloth would then appear in the Market without Disguise; and it would be the Interest of the Clothier to make lib Cloth of such SjCngth and Breadth, as would suit the Markets he Carries his Cloth to.

That the Wit nets is not acquainted with the Manu-feftory in 'Lancajiiir0, only he knows that Cloth is brought

into Yorkjlurefrom thence without any Stamps; and that

be does not think there aTe any Inconveniences to, or Abuses in, the Trade in Lanca, from not being restrained as in Yorkjhive; the Trade ther^ being in a very tfourishing Oondit.on.

Mr. John Speight, a mixt Clothier, being examined; foid, Than he has frequently had Orders for Cloth under Standard, and One Tear in particular lie had Orders for Cloth 1 Yard 8 Inches in Width, and had Directions to have it thick milled, and was told, if it was an Inch or Two under that Breadth, it would do.

That he has had Cloth duly stamped as to Length and Breadth, which has been brought in by the Merchant several Yards short.

That the Witness had a Cloth, which he knew was Three Inches under the Standard, and told the Merchant iKwho fuid it would do, if an Allowance was made; that the Witness agreed to make an Allowance of Three Yards, but when he came to be paid for hb Cloth, the Merchant paid him for 2 Yards and an Half less than the Witness agreed to abate, which he did not dare-to refuse, because be was afraid of being prosecuted for the Penalty.

That the Clothiers are very willing to make such Cloth as is ordered, and sometimes make Cloth of 1 Yard 8 Inches wide.

That he has frequently had Orders for Cloth above the Standard Breadth; but when he has received such Orders, he has not always been able to make them all to that Breadth, notwithstanding the utmoftCare has been taken j and that he has been obliged to keep those Cloths that were under the Standard Breadth, to supply other Orders they would suit.

That he never had Orders for Cloth under x Yard 8 Inches; but if the Cloth comes out Of the Mill under that Breadth Two or Three Inches, the Merchant fays it will do.

That the Merchant does not always pay for the Quantity of Cloth delivered, which the Clothier would rather submit to than go to Law, because he is subject to a Penalty.

That there is a limited Time allowed the Merchant for examining the Cloth, but yet such Abatements have been made after the limited Time, though he imagines the Merchant could not recover the Penalty after 14 Days, but the Clothier submits to the Abatement after the 14 Days, because he may afterwards have Cloths under the Standard Breadth, and then might be foed forfhe Penalty.

Ihat if there was not any Standard, Cloth would come into the Market better both jn Breadth and Quality, as the Cloth would be truly stamped, which would beaMeahsof preventing the Clothiers stretching the Cloth fomueh as they do at present, because when it is under the Standard, they stretch it, in order to avoid the Penalty.

That the Witness would not chuse a Standard, because it is impossible always to come up to it.

That the Clothier has an Interest to have his Cloth stamped the Standard Breadth, though short of it, that the Cloth may appear in the Market of the true Breadth; and that if there was not any Standard, the Clothier would not have any Interest in having his Cloth stamped otherwise than it is.

That if the Cloth fells short of the Standard the Merchant’s Remedy is against the Clothier; and if the Searcher marks the Cloth wrong, the Clothier’s Remedy is against the Searchers.

That if the Merchant's Designs are bad, it is his In* Vox* 30.

terest to have Clbth 'starrtped of a greater Br&Ash than it is, because he can stretch it to the Breadth he wants; and it is the Clothier’s interest that the Searcher should stamp tbqjCloth wrong.

That the Searchers very feldotn attend at the Mill, btft leave the Miller to stamp himself, because the Salaries allowed them, are not adequate to the Attendance required.

That it is the Searcher’s Business to tegifter the Cloths* but the Mill-man registers One Half of the Cloths hh mills, and the other Half are hot registered at all; and the Miller puts the Stamping Mdhey in his Own Pocket for such Cloths as he does not register.

That it would be a sufficient A lkjwance for the Searched if he was to have a fixed Sum for every Cloth he stamp, and the Milk in general would support a Searcher. — 'nte Payment for damping is 6J. a Cloth.

That there are not any Complaints against the Searchers for not attending, nor did the Witness ever hear of any Searcher befog prosecuted; nor has he heard of any Pro* fecution against the Clothier by the Merchant tnfefe J Years, till within these 3 or Months.

George Gldpkam, a Cloth DrefTer, being exainined, feid That Merchants rather choose to buy narrow Cloth, than Cloth of Standard Breadth, because they can buy it cheaper, and then stretch it, which they commonly dp from 1 Yard 10 to 1 Yard 20 Inches; and the Witness has broke Cloth himself in the Stretching.

That the Cloth after it is stretched is wfetat the Edges, in order to shrink it, or it would not be fit to be tent abroad.

That Cloths are brought into Lteds Market stathped at 1 Y»nd 13$, and afterwards stretched to 1 Yard 47 Inches on the Tenters; and when the Merchant wants to stretch his Cloth to a greater Breadth than common, he puts it on the Tenter without stretching it in Length, and then obliges the Clothier to abate him several Yards of its true Length; and though duly stamped wiU oblige him to take off 1 Yard and Half in 45 Yards in the Length.

That the Witness has dressed more Cloth of 1 Yard 9 Inches, than of 1 Yard 13 Inches and an Half broad.

That the Merchant would refuse Cloth if it was not dt a marketable Breadth, though not One Cloth in Ten is of the Standard Breadth; and he has seen a Cloth of 1 Yard 6 Inches stampt 1 Yard 13 f, which the Witness has stretched to 1 Yard 20 Inches; that if there was not a Standard, all Breadths would be marketable, but the Merchants would continue to stretch, if there Was no Law to prevent them.

That it is the Clothier’s Interest to make good Cloths; that if the Clothier was to stamp his own Cloth, and an Inspector to examine such Stamp, that Method would not do, aS some Clothiers are honest, and others are not.

That they are allowed to stretch One ninth Part above the natural Width, when Cloth is duly stamped.

If a Merchant should design ill, and could buy a Cloth of 1 Yard 13 I at the same Price as he could a Cloth of 1 Yard 9, he would choose the Cloth of t Yard 13^; but if not, he would choose the Cloth of x Yard 9.

That if a Cloth be over-ftfetched it will not appear so well as a Cloth that is not; and a Man of Judgment may distinguish whether it k over-stretched or not.

Jojepk Hmmittgway, a Cloth DrefTer, being exainined, laid. That when a Merchant buys a Piece of Cloth duly stamped, and does not want it to be above 6 Quarters, they can takeoff the Seals that are marked 26 Yards in Length, and pull the Cloth 2 Yards and an Half, though there is a Penalty, if pulled above 1 Yard and an f.

That if a Piece of Cloth that is 1 Yard 6 or 7 Incher is wanted to be stretched to 1 Yard 18 or 20 Inches* such Cloth, if Black, or any other tender Colour, will not stretch without hot Water, which isufed for that Purpose; and that Cloth has many Times broke under his Hands in stretching.

That

c

Woollen

Cloth

Sruuhsittti

WaoUm

Cloth

Maoijfrrfure*

264

19°, Mlin'd.-

Thaftfwhen the Merchant wants a Piece of Cloth under Standard, he fends it to the Mill to have it milled over again without the Maker’6 Knowledge, which draws it up i Yard and £ in Length, and an Inch in Breadth> and when, he pays the Clothier for it, he abates him 3 Yards in the Length.

That the Merchants can. stretch Cloth to any Breadth with Impunity, and some Merchants make Cloth themselves, and have-it milled to what Breadth they please; that he hath known the Searcher lodge an Information again!! a Merchant for Cloth of 1. Yard 10; and when the Merchant has appeared before a Justice of the Peace, he has complained of the Hardship in not being at liberty to make such Cloth as would luit h.isCustom-ers,.which has been thought reasonable by the Justice that h? should be at liberty, and therefore did not make him pay any thing.

... That Ire has known a Merchant fend his Cloths to be re-milled unknown to the Clothier, because he wanted stouter;. that the Expence of re-milling is only One Shilling..

Benjamin Craw/kaw, a Miller, being examined, said. That Cloth, cannot be made or milled to a particular Standard Breadth. '

That Cloths will take more or less Time in milling, from to 29 -Hours, according to the Quality of the Cloth, and lie cannot tell by 5 or 6 Hours how long a Cloth will be in milling when he puts into the Stocks; that he. can tell when Cloth is milled enough by the Feel of it.

That the reason why he cannot mill to a particular Breadth is on account of the Sharpness of the Stocks, and Wool being carded on new or old Cards; but he can’t distinguish by the Appearance of the Cloth, whether the Wool is carded on new or old Cards.

That the Miller stamps the Cloth himself, but not truly,' because of the Penalty on the Clothiers, he stamps it 1 Yard 13 £, if not above 1 Yard 9 or 10; and there is no Penalty on him, he does it to oblige the Clothiers.

That there is a regular Searcher at his Mill, who comes Twice a. Day, and ;stays Half an Hour each Time, but seldom stamps any Cloth.

That Cloths appearing well made, and of proper Mar terials, sufficient for the Standard Breadth, are frequently and unavoidably milled several Inches under it.

That he only remembers One Information by the present Searcher, which was several Years since, for; a Cloth of 1 Yard 9 Inches.

That the Witness mills some Cloths 48 Yards long, and forpetimes mills Two Cloths, each 34 Yaids long, in the same Stock, which frequently stretches, and sometimes . bursts the Stock, and cuts Holes in the Cloth; and that a Cloth of 48 Yards long cannot be well milled in a Stock that has been strained.

That the Clothiers desire to have Two Cloths milled in One Stock, and, if that is refused the Clothier will go to another Mill, and the Miller mud lose his Bread; though he receives no more for 2. Cloths ef. 34 Yards each, than he does for a Cloth of 48 Yards.

That the Witness’s Wages is 6 for One Stock full of Cloth, and his Matter receives Two Shillings, which is generally the Price at all Mills.

To prove the Allegations of the 2d, 5th, and 6th mentioned Petitions,

Mr. David Farrer, Clothier at being examined,

laid, That when he buys Wool he cannot tell what Quantity of Cloth it will make, but when spun into Yarn, can tell within aij Inch or Two in Breadth and 1 Yard in Length, in a Piece of Cloth of 60 Yards that should be the Standard Breadth. f That, the Spinning of the Yarn harder or foster, will make a Difference of an Inch or Two; that it is in some Measure in the Power of the Weaver to remedy that Pcfech ' ,:

That soft Yam inclines to mill faster than hard, but the Mill-man,’ if he gives proper Attention, can prc-.

1763.’

vent that making any material Difference within an Inch or Two.

That if Two Cloths of equal Quantity of Materials are sent to the Mill, they will, if proper Care is taken, in general come out nearly alike.;

That Clothiers fend a Note to the Mill-man, describing, the Length and Breadth wanted, which he frequently completes, if he does not, it isowing to his Neglect.

When a Cloth is found greasy, it is sent to the Mill to befcowered, and it is thereby made both longer and broader.

That the Manufacture of Cloth is conducted by Weight till the Wool is spun, and afterwards by Measure* That the Merchant does not always pay for the Cloth delivered, but he never found he wasabated to the Value of the Deficiency in the Breadth of the Cloth.

That the Mill-Searcher is not the proper Person to stamp the Cloth, as it will alter by laying wet, for want of Weather to dry it.

That* he measures the Cloth before it is put on the Tenter as to Length and Breadth, and thinks that is the proper Time to stamp it.

That^when he dries it on the Tenter, he can let it to the Breadth and Length he intends it to be; and if ho had the Power of stamping it himself, he should have no Advantage by stretching it.

That he is not deceived as to the Produce of the Wool above a Yard in Length, or an Inch or Two in Breadth.

That a Cloth is a longer or shorter Time ifi milling according to the Quality of the Cloth and the Sharp-nels of the Stocks; that he has known one Cloth pulled in Six Hours, and another has not been milled in left than 40 Hours; that Stocks are sharp when new made or new lined.

That there will be that Difference in milling Cloth# of equal Quality; that if a Cloth be of a thriving Wool, it will mill quick; but if of a poor hungry Nature, will mill flower.

That it is the Maker’s Interest to have Cloth duly stamped, but it is not always stamped of the Breadth the Maker requires; that he never knew a Mill-man stamp Cloth unfairly above Half a Y ard in Length.

That the Miller frequently, though he has no Orders, stamps the Cloth 1 Yard 13^, though'not of that Breadth,-

That it happens sometimes that the Maker has a Cloth Three or Four Inches under Breadth, and wiil not have the full Breadth stamped on it.

That die Maker has the Cloth stamped under thp Standard to prevent the Searcher finding it, and lodging an Information against him for not having it of th? Standard Breadth; and he informs against himself to save Half the Penalty; that he has lain an Information against: himself for a Cloth of x Yard 10 Inches; that the oftener a Cloth is wetted, the more it loses in Length and Breadth.

That if a Cloth is measured when it comes from the Mill, and has lain Three cr Four Days or a Week without being dried, and then measure it again, it will be both shorter and narrower, but can’t say how much; and if over milled, will lose both fh Length and Breadth.

That Cloth is always less in Length and Breadth when Twice rnilled.

That the Merchants abroad know that Cloth is made, in TorkJJiire to a particular Breadth, and expect to have it so; but thinks it would not be for their Advantage if Cloth was duly stamped; though he believes all Buyers of Cloth, if it is narrow, endeavour to let it to the Standard Breadth, and that stretching makes the Cloth worse.

That the Witness thinks the Trade would not Be well regulated, if the Makers were at Liberty to make Cloths of such Breadth as their Correspondents require.

That the Benefit of the Stamp is to secure the Credit of the Manufacture abroad.

That if a Stamp was so regulated by Act of Parliament, as to be Eyidence of the real Length and Breadth

of

5 Geo. III.

of the Cloth, and the Maker left at liberty to make such Cloth as his Correspondents require, it would not be for the Benefit of the Manufacturer, because there are or 5,coo People concerned in the Manufactory; and the Market conlifts of or 5,000 Cloths made at an Uncertainty; and if there was no Standard, Half of those Goods might probably not answer the Orders from Abroad, by which means the Manufacturer would have his Stock in Goods, and be unable to answer other Or--ders that might then be wanting; and he thinks the Standard regulates the Demands Abroad.

That he never heard there is any Standard for Cloth ‘ in Lanrashire, nor of any Order for Cloth less than the

'Standard; and that if there was no Standard, he would ’ not make Cloth under the Breadth that is now uniformly wanted.

That sometimes the Miller and sometimes the Searcher marks the Cloth, but the Miller most often j and the Mih’er Stamps the Cloth according to the Clothier’s ' Direction.

That the Clothier is disposed to make the Cloth of such Breadth as will please the Merchant.

That he does not know whether the Merchant can punish the Clothier, if he makes his Cloth under the Standard Breadth; and the Clothier has no Remedy J- against the Searcher if he marks his Cloth wrong.

That it is the Merchant’s Interest, if he has bad Designs, to have the Cloth narrower than it is damped, becapfe he can stretch it the more.

That it is the Clothier’s Interest to have the Cloth stamped to the Standard Breadth, whether it be or not, but if there was no Standard the Clothier would not desire it to be stamped falsely; and if a Stamper was appointed with a proper Salary, believes it would remedy the Evil complained of; and that the properest Time to'stamp, would be immediately before the Cloth is put on the Tenters.

That it would be more Advantage to the Clothier to have his Cloth stamped at the Mill than at the Market, because it is longer and broader than it will be afterwards.

That the Clothier eXpeCVs to be paid according to the Stamp after it has lain Four Hours in Water; and the Clothier has a Right to Payment by the Seal, whether fight or Wrong stamped, if the Merchant does not call a Searcher in 14 Days to measure and re-stamp it, after which Time the Merchant has ho Remedy against the Tirft Searcher.

That there are more Cloths go to Leeds Market of One Yard 9 Inches than of the Standard Breadth; and that Cloths of 1 Yard 9 Inches are fold cheaper on that Account.

That it would be the Interest of the Clothier to make such Cloths as are marketable.

That he knows of a great many Prosecutions, but cam hot recoiled within what Time.

That he does not know whether it would be for the Benefit of the Clothiers, to try who could make the best Cloth, if there was no Standard, it would be for the Support of the Trade, but not fora present Profit.

That their Correspondents Abroad would chuse to have their Cloth unftretched, if they could have it of the Breadth their Markets require.

That the Clothier would chuse to have the Stamp upon the Cloth to be the Rule of Payment.

That the stretching Cloth from 1 Yard 13J to 1 Yard 18 does not discredit it, but stretching from 1 Yard 9 to t Yard 18 does discredit it.

That the Manufacturer can impose upon the Merchant by stretching Cloth from t Yard 9 to 1 Yard 13I, but that if the Merchant could always wet the Cloth, (which some Clothiers will not admit of) and he had a I 'Uger Time allowed for such Wetting, he could always detect the Fraud in all Colours.

That a Cloth of 34 Yards long and 1 Yard. 13^ width, Von. 30.

will bear stretching 1 Yard in Length and 5 Inches in Woolled Breadth, but the Cloth will be damaged if stretched be* M Clot a yond that; and that stretching does not hurt the Cloth, Manu a ure! but makes it handfomcr and more marketable:

Mr. JoftniaSmith, a mixt Clothier, being exatnihed,

said. That he never found it difficult to make Cloth of the Standard Breadth.

That he is sensible of the Advantage to the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloth, from having it made to the Standard Breadth, because he never liad Orders for Cloth under the Standard Breadth.

That the Clothier’s Advantage by.stretching his Cloth before he carries it to Market is, thiit it takes out the Mill Wrinkles, and makes it come up to the Standard Breadth whether it is so or not. and by that Means induces the Merchant to buy it.

That the properest Time to stamp Cloth is immediately before it is put on the Clothier’s Tenters.

That he thinks the Act passed in the Year 172J was of great Use to the Manufactory of Cloth, as the Clothiers made their Cloth fuller and broader, and the Trade was carried on to the mutual Sathfudion of all Parties.

That he met the Clothiers previous to the present Application, and drew up a Plan of a Bill with a Standard, but without a Penalty for Breach of it.

That he never had a Cloth under Standard, except by some Accident at the Mill, and that not One in Ten; and that he has more Cloth above than under the Standard.

That he never delivers Cloth under the Standard and does not find any Difficulty in complying with his Orders.

That the Merchants can discover whether Cloth is stretched by wetting it, which they always do In order to dress it.

That if the Witness makes Cloth above the Standard, he fells it in proportion to the Quality and Breadth , and does not think there are any Inconveniences attending the present Law; that he drew up the Bill to quiet several People in the Trade, who complained they lay under Difficulties.

That if a Mill-man does his Duty Cloths will in general come out of the Mill alike; and he laid. That he does not fail One Cloth in Ten.

That there is a great Difference in Wool, and some Cloth will run up more than others at the Mill; that he often finds great Difference in a Quantity of WoqI, as to the Hardness or Softness, and Greafiness. of it; but he does not buy bad Wool at all.

That many Cloths come into Market t Yard 9 Inches, to the Detriment of Trade; that he supposes both Merchant and Clothier spoil the Cloth; that if a Cloth is I Yard 9 Inches, the Clothier is deficient, and the Merchant is obliged, though unwillingly, to spoil that Cloth, to bring it up to the Breadth, to comply with his Orders.

That he thinks it his own and every Clothier’s Interest to make Cloth to the Standard Breadth; that the; Clothier’s Advantage, by stretching, is to carry it up to the Standard, and make it faleablej and the Stamping at the Mill, previous to the Stretching, gives them that Advantage.

That if the Stamp is put on the Cloth to Be of the Standard, though really not before it is stretched on the Clothiers Tenters, the Stamp in that same enables the Clothier to fell the Cloth as being Standard when it i4 not j and that the Stamp; as now fixed dn the Cloth, tends to discredit the Manufacture Abroad.

That he thinks it for the Credit of the Manufacture to stamp true Length and Breadth; Clothier deceives the Merchant when he fells Cloth that is stretched, and the Merchant deceives the Foreigner by felling Cloth, that he has stretched»

That if a Stamp could be put to prevent Clothier deceiving the Merchant, and Stamp put to prevent

3 Y Merchad*

I 96 Ma

2 66 i

Merchant deceiving Foreigners, it would be for the Credit of the Manufacture Abroad, and better than the present Standard.

That he generally makes by Order* and those don’t go to the Market, but are carried to the Merchant’s House; and that he complies with his Orders as Ibdn fcs it suits him.

That it would be for the Benefit of the Clothier, to make Cloth to the Breadth the Merchants order.

And that he does not think any Stamp can be put on the Cloth to be depended upon till Four Hours after the Milling, nor then with any Degree of Certainty.

Henry Akeroyde, a Mill-man at , being examined,

laid, That when a Cloth is scoured he Can be at a Cer- tainty what Time it will take in Milling, by frequently pulling it out of the Stocks before it is quite milled.

That he has stamped Cloth at the Mill after it has lain Hours, and when wet at the Merchant’s he has found a Difference; that he measures Cloth over a Deal Pole, which stretches it, by reason of the Striftness of the Measuring at the Merchant’s, it will not measure so much as it did at the Miil} that he frequently measures the Breadth, but not always.

That he commonly puts on all One Breadth, unless the Clothier desires to have it stamped narrower.

That he has had Cloths brought to the Mill so defec* five in the Materials, that if he had milled them up to the Standard they would have been too thin and flimfey, and would not have been marketable; and in' that case he mills them Two or Three Inches under the Standard, to make them saleable, which happens frequently.

That he generally stamps Cloth i Yard 13 Inches and {, and let it be measured at what Time he will, it will be deficient Half a Yard in Length, and perhaps art Inch in Breadth; but can’t say he ever measured a Cloth after it had lain a Week wet.

That he does not think it the properest Time to stamp Cloth when it has lain Hours wet after it is taken out of the Stock, because if it is bad Weather and a thriving Cloth it will grow, and in a Week run up Half a Yard in Length, and an Inch in Breadth; and that Clothiers sometimes come to the Mill for new Stamps, though the Cloth had been stamped, but had grown up.

Mr. William Cowell, a Merchant at Leeds, being examined, said. That he is of Opinion the Standard is of great Use, and abolishing of it would be of bad Consequence.

That he never had any Order for Cloth under Standard, nor does he believe any regular Merchant ever had.

That before the passing of the last Act, the Trade was in a languishing State, but afterwards flourished much.

That he remembers Prosecutions on that Act, and many heavy Penalties inflicted on Millers and Clothiers.

That Mill Searchers were appointed in 1741 to take off the Penalty from the Millers.

That he, as a Merchant, has no Remedy against the Mill Searcher for false stamping.

That he had too frequent Complaints from Abroad, for fending Cloth under the Standard Breadth.

That if the Clothiers manufacture their Goods up to the Standard Breadth they have no occasion to stretch it, therefore the Stretching is to deceive the Merchant.

That the Cloth brought to the Market is in general too narrow for Exportation; and therefore the Merchants are obliged to stretch it further than they are willing, or is lawful for them to do.

That it would be greatly for the Benefit of Trade to have Cloth under the Standard Breadth; that the most effectual Method to prevent stretching, is for the Maker to put a Seal when the Cloth is tentered, containing its true Length and Breadth, and would propose an Inspec-for, who should keep several Register Offices; and if the Cloth is false stamped, the Register to stamp it and i'eal it again, and that to be the Rule of Payment.

That it would be of bad Consequence if the Parties were to agree without the Inspector’s Knowledge.

1S

A. 1765.

That it is expected in foreign Markets, that Cloth should be of the Standard, though there is great Quan* tities of Cloth in Leeds under that Breadth; that he thinks stretching, as now allowed by Law, is detrimental, and that it would be better if they W'ere allowed to stretch only § a Yard in a Score; and that the Standard Breadth should be 1 Yard 15 Inches.

That the Merchants at present allow /. 5 per Ce'nt. ort the Length, but he is in Hopes that they might be prevailed on to take 2 f per Cent, as the Goods would than go so much the honester, and clear from shrinking.

That it Would be more difficult to ascertain the Breadth without a Standard than with one, because lo long as a Standard is properly supported all wife and capable Ma-nufaftuters will endeavour to come to any Orders or any Measure, which they find is wanted by the Merchant.

That he frequently buys Goods under Standard, but has a proper Market to apply to where there is no Standard, and can have Goods of any Lengths or Breadths.

That he sometimes prefers a Market without a Stand-atd to suit a variety of Orders, which a Market where there is a Standard would not do.

That it is a Convenience to have a Market where there is no Standard; but does not go there to buy Broad Woollen Cloths.

That in some Sorts of Cloths a Market without Standard is a Convenience.

That a wife Merchant, though a dishonest One, would nojt have any interest in wishir.g his Cloth really to be under Standard, and yet marked Standard to stretch it the more, because he would lose by it in the End.

That the Clothier frequently stamps Cloth Standard Breadth, though short, to the Prejudice of the Buyer.

That the Merchant’s Remedy is against the Clothier, which Merchant’s interest may be that the Clothier should do wrong, and the Clothier’s interest that the Searcher should do wrong.

That he thinks if the Clothier could not deceive the Merchant, he would not have any interest in false stamping, if there was no Standard.

Mr. Thomas Lee, Merchant at Leeds, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Cowell.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Refblutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Laws now in force, prescribing particular Standards of Width and Length, for the several Woollen Cloths, respectively made within the West Riding of the County of Yorkr, have been ineffectual even to the Purposes proposed to have been secured by the said Acts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Establishment of the said respective Standards, by Act of Parliament, as a Regulation of the Manufacture, has been found inconvenient, in many Respects productive of Frauds, and in no degree advantageous to the Manufacture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said several Laws as relates to the Standard, and substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the County of York, by proper Cheques, Inspections, and Measurements to be made, and Stamps to be affixed at the proper Stages of the Manufacture, for preventing the several Frauds, for certifying the teal Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the foreign Market.

The Two Eirft Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last ftesolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the several Laws now in force as. prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length for the several Woollen Cloths made within the West Riding

Gfio. III. ufMartii. $6-1

ing of the County of; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the said West Riding, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preferring she Credit of the said Manufactureat the foreign Market: And that Mr. Laf-. cellos, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir George , Mr.

and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the . lame.

Lmchwick Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the and . Rill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Inclosure Grounds lying in the Parish of Lenchwick and

and the Borough of Eijej in the county of ,

was committed. That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout! and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tmload Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the iBcIofori. Rip for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned-had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Three Minors, who are possessed of no Land, but of Three Cow Commons only; and that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of upwfards of 27 Yard Lands; and the Persons interested therein are entitled to 170 Cow Commons, 83 Horse Commons, and 605 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House } and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table j Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

iretferton Mr. Dowdeswell reported from the Committee, to whom

ladofure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretferton, in the County of Worcester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee'; except Richard , possessed of about 70

Acres of Land, and Mary Bird, who, together with her Sifter Catherine Bird, were possessed of about 70 Acres of Land; and that the said Bdchard AJkwin and Mary Bird, being severally applied to, said, they had much rather the Inclosure should not be made; but that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the whole Lands to be inclosed consist of about 1,200 Acres; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read through-Vot. 30.

out} and then a Second Time, One by One; arift, up«i the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to By the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. LaJcelUsreported from tke Committee, to whom BirftaH

the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the to Sign of the Coach and Horses, in Birjto the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane, to the Town

of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Township of Barley, in the West Riding of the County of York, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the LandOwners and Inhabitants of the said Townlhjp; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clefk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon' the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by -the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, Wrofham to whom the Bill* for repairing, widening, and keeping to in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Roaa at Wrotham Heath, \n the County of Kent, to the Turn- , °4<* pike Road leading from Croydon to in the County I

of Surrey, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Cropton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Inclosure, Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was again re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge Mullen’* the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Pond. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- -J*_c-

ing the Road from Mullen'sPond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the said Turnpike Road to Fifty Yards beyond the Blacksmith’s Shop at Littleton; -and from the said Turnpike Road to Mr. Jennens Weil, and to Salter's Lane, at East Chalderton, and from thence to; and

allb a Lane called Applejhaw Lane, leading out of Eafi Chalderton to the Andover Turnpike Road; was read the Third Time.

The

268 iq° Martii. A. 1765.

The Amehdment folldwing was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 60. 1. 20* After " (hall" to insert " from and after " the ift Day of January 1766*"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullens Pondin the county of ,

to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other Roads, leading out of the said Roads; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fetation Mr. Finch presented to the House, according to Or-to der, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from Rond*^ North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lew try Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee,

Bridge, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Held holders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Lincoln, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as tolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Floyer laid. That the Road from Thorpe Hall Mill, to the Blue Stone Inn Backgate, in the Town of Louth, and from thence to the North End of the Lane between Dexthorpe and Langton, in the said County of Lincoln, is very bad, ruinous, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary course of Law; and that it would be of great Utility if the same was repaired and widened.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln, and from West Raijin to Pilford B; and from the Great Road

about Six Furlongs West of Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Crowle; and from Snow Sezver to Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Thorp Hall Mill to the Blue Stone Inn Backgate, in the Town of Louth, and from thence to the North End of the Lane between Dexthorpe and Langton, in the said County of Lincoln.

Aukborough Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do make the ladosure. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of AukboroUgh, in the County of Lincoln, was committed.

Lord Brownlozv Bertie accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confrnt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of about 223 Acres of Lands, in the said Common Fields; and also except the Proprietors of Seven Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, in the said Parish; and that the whole Quantity of Lands intended to be inclosed, is about 1,700 Acres, and the l7

V

Whole Number of Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts, about 71; and that all Parties concerned had been apprized of the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which' they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, '

with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the Act* 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George J^|al'nSto the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual wa* the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Moors or Com- Symondbora mons, within the Barony and Manor of and Pa- Indofum

rish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley,

General Irwin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Willoughby, Colonel Barre, Mr. Burt, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Edmonflone, Sir liam Beauchamp Prof}or, Mr. Sandys, Mr. De Grey, Lord Grey, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Grofaenor, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Wilbraham, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hume, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Touchet, Mr.

Wqjl, Mr. Onf.ozv, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Tracey,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ashburnham, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Townfttend, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Milles, Mr. Boulton-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Cumberland, W

and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Nixon*# to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce* upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with HeJIer Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

General Irwin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Irwin reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'l able.

Dr* Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Account*

Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented °i'i to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, Cjre*

An

Southwark

to

Dart ford Roads.

Warminster

Roads.

Iveringham

Inclomre.

Hit (and other») . lN*fc

5 Geo. III. 190

An Account of the Ships and Old Stores which have been Ibid. in the Years 1763 and 1764, and for how much they were fold.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, from the Stones , in Kent Street, and Bertnondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent, was offered, to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up j

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Ahguish: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Thirteenth of George the First, and of the Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, leading from the Town of Warminster, in the county of ; and for amending several other Roads near the said Town; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Hcytcsbury; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Commons or Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, in the Manor and Township of Everingham, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernjt, and John Michael Platz, with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House1: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chance! of Tel bury, in the County of Gloucester; to which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rr. ,1 c.1 \/ \ Mr.

tellers for the Yeas,{c- r, n , ’(Sir George

t1 n c l xr f Mr. Peter Burrell, Tellers for the Noes,-I c.

’(Sir John. Hynde Cotton,

So it passed in the Negative.

1

f) 82.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouse, at or near a Place called St ret ham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge-, and for repairing and widening and making several other Roads adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a Bridge crots the River Ouse, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry the County of Cambridge; and for repairing and widening, and making several other Roads adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Non:effective Money of the several Regiments, remaining in the Hands of the Agents, as stated by the said Agents, and delivered by them into the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

1 i y

V01. 30.

jZ

Tf tbury Church.

Motion Ncgr ior reading the Orders of the Day.

(Smbridgp

Road.

Account; Money of Non-cffe&ive

Regiments.

190' Martii. 1765.

Ak A CCO UNT of the Non-effective Money of the several Regiments remaining in the Hands of the Agents, as stated by the said Agents, and delivered by them into the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War, distinguishing each Corps.

Second Battalion of Sir Henry Regiment

Major General Burton's, late Howard's Regiment

Colonel Brtidenell's, late -

Major General Hodgson's -

General Guifs's ....

Lieutenant General Lord Robert Bertie's 1 ieutenant General Stanwick, late Barrington's -Lieutenant General Whitmore's -Lieutenant General Rockland's Lieutenant General Napier's -

General Pulteneys -

Lieutenant General Lord George Beauclerk's Lieutenant General Sir Jeffery -

Major General Monckton's -

Lieutenant General Kingsley's -

Lieutenant General Lord -

Major General Gage's -

Lieutenant General Bofcawens - -

Lieutenant General Cornwallis's -

Lord George Lennox's -

Lieutenant General Warburton's -Major General Lord TownJhes -Lieutenant General Lord Loudoun's -

Late General Holmes's -

Major General Oughton's -

Lieutenant General Sir John Griffin's -

Colonel Fletcher's, late Otway's

Loid Robert Manners's.

Lieutenant General Stuart's -

Major General Talbot's - .

Late Major General Barrington's -

Major General Armiger's -

Lord John Murray's.

Lieutenant General Noel's -

Major General John Bojcawen's -

Colonel Howe's, late Murray's -

Lieutenant General Lascelles's - -

Lieutenant General Webb's - -

Major General Grame's, late Stanwix's

Major General Sir William Boothby's, late Carr's

Major General BrudenelFs -

Major General Tovey's -

Major General Parjlow's -

Major General KeppeFs -

Sir David Cunningham's -

Major General Anjlruther's - -

Royal American Regiment - -

Major General Gray's, late Elliott's -

Major General Peirfon's, late Boothby's

Colonel Mackay's, late Lord Malpas's

Lord Adam Gordon's, late La Faufflie's

Major General Lambert's - -

Major General ColvilFs

Major General TrapaucFs - -

Duke of Richmond's late Regiment -

Colonel Frederick's -

Colonel Montgomery's -

Colonel FraJ'er's ....

Colonel Wilmot's -

Colonel Coote's ....

Late Colonel Crazvfurd's -

Colonel Keith's -

-75 10 3 - 69 14 10

1,805 11 9

584 4 5

s. d.

369 5 7

4,484 15 4

4,904 17 2

3,440 12 9

1,278; 2 11

892 —

1,693 14 4

2,43+ 15 10

2,862 2 5

*,195 3 7

272 15 6

1,232 — 2

9,080 18 8

751 14 1

1,084 5 4

1,242 2

2,327 19 J

756 13 9

2,602 19 10

922 25 5

752 16 10

L779 *9 9

1,105 3 2

145 5 1

2,790 15 5

4,33i 18 11

262 16 10

2,060 18 6

754 14 5-

2,389. 16 2

12,719 11 5

1,342 1 a 6

1.383 1 9,

402 6 10

6,836 11 1

1,794 4 9

1,963 5 S

2,814 18 IE

205 14 8

892 1 7

953 10 9

623 4 6

i,37i 2- 8

2,618 19 5

10,783 19 6

2,161 12 2

5,97* 9 1

6,015 15 4

567 4 6

1,425 19 1

992 1 6

*3 6 9

822 11

6,528 1 z

1,384 2 7

396 12 9

119 12 5

9,040 — 9

1,323 l6 3

2,010 12 6

Colonel

5 Geo. III. 19*

x \

Colonel Campbell s

Late Colonel $ -

Lieutenant Colonel Colonel Beauc/srk's

Major Nairn's Lord Warkworth's -Colonel Fitzroy's -

Total - -

In Part whereof the following Sums have been paid back into the Office of the Paymaster General, and appropriated to the Public Service; £. s. d.

Major General Burton's,late Howard's ----- 3,000 — —

Colonel Brv.dendl's,late Dwoure’s ----- 3,000 — —

Lieutenant General Napier's - -- -- - 500 — —

Lieutenant General Sir Jeffery Amhs Regiment - - 7,500-----

Lieutenant General Rockland's - -- -- - 1,000-----

Major General Gage's - -- 1,000-----

Lieutenant General Cornwallis's ----- - 1,000 — —

Major General Lord Tozvnjhend's ----- 500 — —

Lieutenant General Sir Griffin's ----- 1,000 — —

Colonel Fletcher's, late Otway's - - - - 3,000 — —

Lieutenant General Stuart's - 500 -

Lord Murrey's - -- 9,000 — —

Lieutenant General Lascelles's - 5,000 — — Royal American Regiment ----- - 5,000 — —

Major General Gray’s, late Elliott's - - - - 1,500 — —

Major General PeirJon's, late Boothby's ----- 4,000 — —

Colonel Mack ay's, late Malpqs's ----- 4,000 — —

Major General Sir William Boothby's, late Carr's ----- 1,000-----

Major General Anjlruthers - -- -- - 1,500 — —

Major General Lambton’s - -- -- - 1,000 — — -

Colonel Frederick's - - . - - - - 5,000 -

Colonel Coote’s - - . - . - - - 8,000 — —

Colonel Keith's - -- - 1,000 — —

Over Payments upon the Non-effective Accounts

by the Agents; Lieutenant General Jeffery's Regiment Lieutenant General Leighton's -Lord Frederick Cavendish'% -Lieutenant General Abercrombie's Major General Ganfelts -Major General Gray's -

Major General Cary's -

Major General Lambton's - -

Major General Petitot's - -

Major General Irwin's -Major General Rufane's Colonel Worge's - -

Major General Armstrong's

Colonel Grant’s, late Morgan's - - -'

Lord Blayney's -

Colonel Monckton's -

Colonel Burton's -

Colonel Grey's -

Major Byng's - -

Major Broughton's - -

Major Johnftorfs- - -

Colonel Tonyn's -

Major Alder ton’s, late Wedderburn's

Lieutenant Colonel Oswald’s -

Major Markham's -

Major Hamilton's -

Major Macleans -

Major CrawfitrcTs -

of the viz.

following Regiments, as Rated,

3»i54

505

618

1*16,5

161

3.893

4,049

L385

a.637

847

1,658

164

550

232

726

841

597

2,036

H5

2,366

23

i»5°°

53

475

20

408

427

55*

4 4

14 8

19 2

16 3

— 10

9 7

15 4

6 1

19 11

4 5 6 11

2 7

15

.2 IO.

14 8 10 3 10 7

16 4

*3 3

12 8 16 — -

4 7

13 a.

*3 — 16 2

jf* 31.201 8 6

27I

£ r.

S73 10 I

666 14 7

110 14 2

511 »5 5

565 *3 10

44 s J5 2

6 53 7 9

150,916 14 8

68,00a — — 82,916 14 8

War-Office, 19th 1763.

7T. £//;>.

Vol. 30.

Ordered\

Account; Money oi

KoiweffeAVtve

Regiments.

19° Ma.

272

Ordered, Tlut the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Powell, from the Office of the Pay-master General of His Majesty’s Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A. 1765.

An Account of Monies aiding from Non-effeflives of sundry Regiments, Independent Companies, and Regiments of Militia, for the Times within mentioned. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Monies arising from Non-effectives of the following Regiments of Dragoons, Regiments of Foot, Independent Companies, and Regiments of Militia, for the Times under mentioned; viz.

Received from Mr. Calcraft, being Part of the Non-effective Subsistence of Sir Jeffery Amherst'% Regiment of Foot -

Respited for Non-effectives of the following Regiments, pursuant to His Majesty’s War-

rants; viz Lieutenant Colonel s

— Ditto —

— Ditto —

Colonel Burton's

— Ditto —

Lieutenant Colonel Grey's -

— Ditto — -

Major Byng's -

— Ditto — -

Major Gorham's

— Ditto — - -

Lieutenant Colonel Stuart's Major Colin Campbells Major fVedderbum's Lieutenant Colonel -

Lieutenant Colonel Barre's -Major Hamilton's

Major Freron's -

Respited for Non-effectives Majesty’s Warrants; viz. Captain Thomas's Captain Hay’s -Captain Barbar's Captain Peters's Captain Fletcher's Captain JValcot's

Captain Graham's Captain P. Gordon's Captain Grant's -Captain Campbelfs

Captain Cuthbert's Captain T. Gordon’s Captain Slorach's:

Captain Paterjon’s ' -Captain Dodd’s . -Captain Cleiland's -

Captain Maxwells - -

Captain Park hill's; -Captain Brown's; -Captain Wilkie's -

Captain Hunter’s

to 24th December 17 to 24th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 to 24th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 to 24th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 to 24th December 1761 to 24th December 1762 to 24th December 1761 to 24th December 1762

451

1,832

4.473

U334

3.959

942

2.567

237

214

427

j.

9

10

13 18

14

8

14

2

12

10

d.

xo

6

10

8

4

2

8

- to Ditto - 500 —

- to - Ditto - - 1.474 16 4

to - Ditto - m 45° 18 6

- to - Ditto - - 342 7 —

- to - Ditto - - 828 11 —

- to - Ditto m — l65 2 —

- to Ditto 692 7 —

le following" Independent Companies, pursuant to His

to 24th December 1 761 610

- to - Ditto - - 4i5 ff 6

- to - Ditto - - 495 12 6

- to Ditto" - m 490 11 6

- to - Ditto m mm 599 4 —

- to - Ditto - 639 2 —

- to - Ditto - - 457 10 —

- to - Ditto - - 457 10 —

- to Ditto m - 457 10 —

to Ditto m - 457 10 —

- to - Ditto - - 457 10 —

- to ' - Ditto - - 188 18 6

to Ditto - - *«5 5 "

- to m Ditto " - - 185 5 —

to Ditto" - 182 16 —

m to m Ditto - 186 9 6

- to - Ditto - . 268 7 —

- to - Ditto - - 548 2 —

to - Ditto - - 422 19 —

V to - Ditto 518 15 6

- to Ditto - m m 43° 12 —

Respited for the Pay ’of the Non-effective Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and private Men, of the Norfolk Militia, to "24th of December 1760, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant -

jC* d% 7,500-----

21,368 10 10

8,654 (8 —

779 4 5

Respited

5 Geo. III.

190 Martii.

llefpited for Non-effectives of the following Regiments of Militia, as Warrants now in

the Paymaster General’s Office j

Berkshire from 25 th B uckinghamshire Brecon Battalion -Chejliire Regiment Cumberland - -

Carmarthen

Devonshire 2d Battalion Ditto - 3d Battalion Denbighshire Battalion Essex - 1 ft Battalion

Ditto - 2d Battalion FUntJliire - Battalion Glamorg anshireW a 11 a 1 i o n Huntingdonshire Battalion West Kent - Battalion Leicestershire Regiment Norfolk - 1 ft Battalion Ditto - 2d Battalion Northumberland Battalion Somersetshire - Regiment Surrey - ift Battalion Ditto - 2d Battalion Westmoreland Battalion Hertfordshire - Regiment Suffolk, West Battalion Ditto, East Battalion Cleveland and Bulmer Battalion Richmondshire Battalion

Sir Geo. Savile's Yorkshire Battalion Colonel Lifer's Ditto -Bedfordshire Regiment Berkshire Regiment -

B uckinghamshire -Brecon - -

Cornwall -

Cumberland -

Devonshire 2d Battalion Ditto - 3d Battalion Dorsetshire -Durham -Denbighshire -

Essex, 1 ft Battalion -

Ditto 2d Battalion -

Flintshire -

Glamorganshire -

Huntingdonshire -

West Kent....

Lancash'tre -

Leicestershire -

Lincolnshire, North Battalion - Ditto - South Battalion -Monmouthshire - -

Norfolk, 1 ft Battalion -

Ditto 2d Battalion -

Northumberland -

Somersetshire

Suffolk, West Battalion Ditto - East Battalion Surrey, ift Battalion -

Ditto 2d Battalion -

Westmor eland -

Richmondshire -

Cleveland and Bulmar -Colonel Thornton's Yorkshire Battalion Colonel Lifter's Ditto -

to 24th December 1761 D° -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -- D® -D® -D" -D® -D® -D® -D® -D" -

- from 25th June to 24th December

D° -

-' - - D® -

D® -

- from 25 th June to 24th December

D» -D® -

from 25th December 1761 to 24 Dec. D° -D® -D®

D® -D® -D® -D® -D" -D" -D® -D" -D® -D" -D® -D® -D° -D" -D® -D" -D® -D® -- D® -D® -D® -D° -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -

1760

1761 176a

£ s. d.

74 1 —

101 18 6

57 10 —

30 *3 8

85 5 —

16 *3 3

75 4 6

5 a 8

54 3 6

198 13 6

358 18 —

88 4 6

l6 *5 6

212 8 —

298 13 6

168 *5 —

354 *9 6

3*4 11 —

*5* 12 10

123 *5 10

462 — —

132 5 8

232 2 —

2I5 *3 —

33 11 6

IOI 18 10

28 7 2

161 6 8

118 16 —

120 *9 —

162 4 —

478 3 4

61 1 —

103 *3 10

248 4 9

275 5 —

117 *9 —

46 *3 —

18 *7 6

288 3 6

48 3 —

r,2io 18 —

1,462 4 8

212 8 2

*9 10 6

252 *9 6

694 16 8

422 5 5

1,no — - 4

160 7 8

4*7 *9 4

339 16 10

634 11 2

814 6 1

680 16 10

1,063 7 8

75 3 —

343 5 8

764 11 6

*>745 18 7

526 —

93* 11 —

*>999 16 —

536 3 4

128 12 8

Vol. 30.

4 A

273

£. s.

ti>79$ 18 — Respited

274 19 Martii.

Respited for Non-tffcttives of the following Regiments, as mailer General’s Office; Warrant now in the Pay-/. r, d.

Bkrgoytte's DVagoons - - to 28th May 1763 - - - 122 16 6

Erskine's 2d Battalion of Foot - - to 24th December - - 518 10 —

I ate Craufurd's F Duroure' s legiment - to 8th OBobl - - 521 17 6

- - - to 12th July - - - 5° 7 11 6

tiuife's - - - to 28 th October - - 3 $9 19 6

Her tie's - - - to Ditto - - 350 12 6

Whitmore's - - - to 19th July - - - 1,111 11 —

Pnltenef s Amherji's - - - to 21 ft October - - 279 —

- - - tt> 10th August - - 961 4 —

Monckton's . - - - - to 6 th November - - 583 2 —

Kingjley's - - - to 2d May - m 34 12 —

Gage's -> - - - to 19th July - - m 565 9 —

Lenox's - - - to 26th April - - 11 1 —

War bur ton's - - - - to 10th Aug - - 656 2 —

Lord Townshend's - - to Ditto - - 963 18 —

Leighton's - - - to ad May - - *4 6 —

Cavendish's - - to 19th July - - - 935 5 —

Otway's - - - to Ditto - - - - 806 5 —

Talbot's - - - to 23d December - - 650 — 6

Armigers - - to 10th August - - 7°4 14 —

Parfens's - - to 24th June - - - 42 14 —

Lord Murray's id Battalion - to 24th October - - 603 18 —

NoePs Regiment - - - to 10th August - - 688 IQ —

Abercrombie's - - m to 24th August - - 36 9 "

Bofcaiven's - - - to 15 th September - - - *33 4 —

Late Murray's - - - to i oth August - - 648 —

Lascelles's Webb's - - - to 17 th December - - - 1,566 5 —

- - " to iatii September - - - 2,174 12 —

Late Stanw - ~ - to 24th September - - - 3*7 9 6

Toovey's - - - to 25th April- - - J37 6 8

Parjlow's - - - to Ditto - - 142 — 6

GanfelP s KeppelPs - - at to 24th December - - 201 6 —

- - - - to 27th October - 1,633 10 —

Cumin? ham's - * - to 8th October - - - 464 16 4

Royal Americans, ill Battalion - to 24th August - - 97 12

Ditto 2d Battalion - to Ditto - 366 —

Ditto 3d Battalion to 24th December - - - *>439 12

Ditto 4th Battalion - to 24th August - - 448 7 —

Gray’s Regiment - - - to 1 oth May - - 90 IO

Boothby s Carey's - - - - to 12th July - - - 647 16 —

- - to 3d May - - 31 5 6

Late Malpas's Lambert's - - - to 1 ft July - - 425

- - - to 8 th 0Bober - - 310 6 10

Lambton'% - to 26th April . - 11 10 —

Colvi/Ps - " - to 26th October - - 1>179 7 6

Petitot's - - to ift June - m 33 5 —

Duke of Richmond's - - to 29th August - *»425 11 6

Irwin's m. - - ' to 6th December - - 610 4 —

Frederick's - - - to 24th May - - ' 55 10 —

Rufone's - - - - to 1st December - i»353 12 6

Montgomery's - - - to 24th December - - *>573 16 —

Frafer's - to 14th December - - - 836 11 —

Draper's Wilmot's - - to 24th December - - - *>387 —

- - to Ditto 847 18 —

Lindore'% - - - to 24th June - - m i34 4 —

Parker's - - to Ditto - m 167 ie —

Armflrong's -Coote's - - to 6 th June - - - 44 1 6

e to 24th December - m - 2,527 12 6

CraufurcTs - - to 24th May - - - 372 — —

IVurge’s mm - - to 19 th October - *>5*7 9 "

Keith's - k m m to 24th May - - 83 5

1 t1 3- m - - *\ to 9th May - - 4* 12 6

Morriss - - - to 24th December - - 757 7 6

Blaney's - to 6th June - - - 43 — —

A. 1765.

i£ *.

38*307 S JO

Respited

5 Geo. III.

I j>° Martii.

Respited for Non-effectives of the following Independent Companies, as per Warrant now

in the Paymaster General’s Office; viz.

£ s.

h 1761 to 24th 1762 457 — 6

463 12 6

..... 453 3 6

- - - - - 475 —

..... *474 5 6

Captain Colin Graham's from

Captain P. Gordon's D*

Captain Grant's D

Captain CampbelTs -Captain Cuthbert's D*

D#

Total

j. d.

2,323 16 —

101,727 17 t

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 19th March 1765.

Holland.

Fish and Rabbit Stealing.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, be now read the Third Time.

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Acts relating to the Rewards for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and making Experiments of Pro-pofals for discovering the Longitude.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Land Ta* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to commiiconers. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act: of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per An?mnt; and for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Estate* of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ecclesiastical resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to quiet the present PosseHors of Leases from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, of Tithes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases, and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments; with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved; Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn,* Voi. 30.

granting

JLeafes.

ingj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions wfiich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand One hundred Seventy-six Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence Half-penny* be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July, 1764, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund* by an Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of Five millions borrowed towa ds the Supply granted for the Sendee of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Seven hundred Forty-two Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1764, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry, which were made a Fund, by an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paying Annuities in respect of ,£.3,500,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-nine thousand Three hundred Forty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Four-pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum issued thereout, for paying Annuities, after the Rate of per Cent, for the Year ended the 29th Day of September 1764, which were granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee

Supply.

Ifk of Man.

Exportation oi Wheat.

Altering times of Payment of certain Annuities.

Carlton

upon

Trent

inclulure*

Southwark

to

Dart ford Road*.

27 6

190 — 20° Mdrhi.

A. 1765.

Committee of the whole House, to whorp it was referred to consider furthef of the Bill for more effectually preventing- the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and from the illicit and

clandestine Trade to and from the Ifie of the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after: wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout v and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quession severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be fngrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refotved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the' Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Rarlia^nent, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, fljajl think convenient and needful.

Mr. Paterson, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That. Sir George Savile have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Pasture, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Paterson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Buller, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York,

Lincoln, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Martii;

Anno 50 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1765. Prayers.

MR. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Kent, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read 10

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir Charles Farnaby, Baronet, being examined, said. That

the Road from Bromley Common, towards to Farnborough Well, is greatly out of Repair, and in feme Paris much too narrow, and cannot be amended and widened by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law; and that if the said Road was properly repaired and widened, it would be very advantageous to the neighbourhood, and the Public in general.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, and Bermondf Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent; and for extending the said Act to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to the End of Bromley Common, next Farnborough, and to the Stones End in London, Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee-, and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of Bromley Common, towards Farnborough, to a certain Well, called Farnborough Well, in the County of Kent.

Mr. Fairfax reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the Towns of Greenwich, Charlton, Woolwich,

Jlead, and Earish, in the County of Kent, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Bo-water, Esquire, being examined, said, That, the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road on Bhckkeath, near Greenwich Park Wall, through Charlton, and over Woolwich Common, to Woolwich Warren, is in a ruinous Condition,

narrow in Ibrne Places, and incommodious for Passengers, and cannot be repaired by the present Methods provided by Law.

A-nd that repairing the said Road will be of great Utility to that Part of the Country, and open a more convenient Communication with the Arsenal and Dock Yard

at Woolwich.

Ordered, That it bean Inftnidtion to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend several Acts, passed in the 4th and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent-, and for extending the said Act to the Repair of the Roads, leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to the End of Bromley Common, next Farnborough, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee; and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls

arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the Twenty-second Year of King George

Southwark

to

D it ford Roads.

Walk'Jea

lucLolurc.

Crofsford

Bridge,

&c.

koad.

Brantingham

inciofure.

5 Geo. III. 20° Martii. t 277

George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Sireel, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places

therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Blackheath, near Greenwich Park through Charlton, and over Woolwich Common, to Woolwich Warren, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chatmofs, within the Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Lord Strange, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Aufrere, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Jarr Smith, Mr. Townshend, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Wilkinftm, Mr. Mr

Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bacon, Mr. De Grey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Montagu, Mr. D Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Cholm/ey, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Henry Harpttr, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Plummer, Lord Howe, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the-24th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge to; and for amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Worth, lord Strange, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Harley, Mr. West, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Waller, lord Coleraine, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir George Warren, Mr. But-Jer, Mr. De Grey, Lotd Catherlough, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Plummer, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mellish, Sir William Beauchamp ProStor, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members Who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Wft mor eland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields,..Lands, and Grounds, in ingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of ingham, in the East Riding of the County of Turk, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, allowing Persons thinking the m-lelves aggrieved by the Act, to appeal to the Quarter Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks j which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time , and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to :the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

: Vo l.36,.

A Petition of the Mill-owners, their Farmers, and Mill-men, within the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, it there be no Standard for the Length of coloured Broad Cloth, it will be highly prejudicial for the Trade in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, for the Reasons set forth in the said Petition: And therefore praying. That the Clothiers may have a certain Length limited them for the coloured Broad Cloths 3 and that, the Act of Queen Anne being obtained at the foie Expence of the Mill-owners, and by the Approbation of both Merchants and Clothiers, and never since altered, save to Forty-eight Yards, and then to the good Liking of both Merchant and Clothier, that the One of these Acts shall be the Rule as to the Length of the said coloured Cloths, or to what other reasonable Length the House shall think most proper, not to be oppressive to the Petitioners in the Value of their Estates, and their1 Farmers for their great and flavilh Labour, working Night and Day.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Eller-ker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p*fs: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerker, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields; and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tetbmryv in the County of Gloucester, was read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with Hester cer, his now Wife, and to enable-him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned} was read the Third Timfc.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That General Irwin do carry the^ Bill to the

4B Lords;

WooUeri

Cloth

Maaiifadlure.

ElVrker

Inclosure.

Benton

Indofurerf

W»dWoH)f

Inclosure.

Denford

Inclosure.

Tetbury

Church

Nixon*

Dif&roc.

278 20* Martii. A. 1 '6$.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hatH agreed OrJtrcd, That the u-stu the Amendments, be to the fame, without any Amendment. i/igrofled.

Romsey

to

Swathling

Road.

Royston and Wans ford Bridge Road.

Stump Croft to

Cambridge

Hoad.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Street, called the Hundred, at through

Chilworth, to the River at Sin the County of Southampton, and for connecting the same with the Road leading from the City of Wincheflthrough to

Chandler's Ford, and from Ilurjaforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and alto for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swat filing aforesaid, through Bot/ey, to the Turnpike Road at Sher-rill Heath, in the said County of Southampton; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill ‘be comrfiitted to Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. Delaval, Sir William Owen, Mr. Mr. Grey,

Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Mellifl}, Mr. York, Sir John

Delaval, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Sir Richard Mill, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Butler, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Lord CarysfortMr. Sandys, Mr.

lag it. General Irwin, Mr. Fairfax, Mr- Harley, Sir George SavHe, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Scudamore, Sir Charles Kemys

Tynte, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Buller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fonncreau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the 9th and 12th Years of Queen Anne, and the 13th of George the First, and of the 14th of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon-, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of fe-yeral Acts of the 9th and 12th Years of Queen Anne, and the 13th of George the First. and of the 14th of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Roy-Jhn, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Causeway, at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Hunting-

don.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto; so far as the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto; was committed; and to whom the Petition of T norths Paterjw, of Hauxton Mills, in the County of Cambridge, Oil Merchant, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and tnade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read thoughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question tseverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the house.

Mr. Dempft-r presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl of Catherloughreported from the Com1*

mittee, to wfyom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Great GrimjbyHaven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm, to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that no Toll shall be collected till a certain Sum is subscribed upon the Credit of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, residing in and near minster Newton CaJUe,in the County of Dorset; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first-mentioned Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Sabine, being examined, said. That he has surveyed the several Roads from Sturminster Bridge Foot, through Hinton, to Walton Elm, and by King's Mill into Stalbridge Common; and also the Road from Sturminster Bridge Foot, to Stalbridge Common, through Newton and Bagbere; that the former is the old accustomed Road, and may be repaired at a much easier Expence than the latter, as the former is sufficiently broad in most Places, and the latter only a Bridle-way, and so narrow that a Carriage cannot pals, except for some small Space; and that it would be necessary to build Two Bridges on the last mentioned Road, the present Bridges being only passable for Horses; whereas Two Bridges on the first-mentioned Road are County Bridges, and the County maintains 100 Yards on each Side of each Bridge.

And he delivered to your Committee an Estimate of the Repairs necessary on each Road; the Totals of which are as follows;

Expence oi Bagbere Road - - 1,478 10 —

Expence of the old Road - - 664 — —

Difference - 814 10 —

Mr. Thomas Barter and Mr. James being

severally examined, confirmed the above Evidence in general; and all the Witnesses laid, That good Stone

and

Tay

Bridge.

Great Grim (by Koadk

1

Poole,

See.

Road.

Geo. III. 20° Martii. 279

and Gravel are to be found near the Road through Hinton, and by King's Mill, all the Way.

And no Evidence was brought before your Committee to support the Allegations of the second.mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike ltoad leading from the Town and County of Poole, to Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Sturminster Bridge Foot, through Hinton, to Walton Elm, and over King's Mill, to Stalbridge Common, instead of making the Road from the said Bridge, through Newton and to

the said Common.

Houghton Sir Thomas Palmer reported from the Committee, to °^ll’e whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, IncioLre. an^ Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except several Persons, who are Proprietors of Three Yard Lands, and Three Eighths of a Yard Land, and who, being applied to, nefufed to sign the Bill; and that the whole Fields intended to be inclosed consist of Sixty Yard Lands and Four Eighths of a Yard land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,v and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Butchers. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the felling of Sheep and Grass, Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Estates of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House EccleGastical to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Corporations; upon the Bill to quiet the present Possessors of Leases, Teafts'8 from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, of Tithes, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases; and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments; with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. JO.

Mr. Ridley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing Fid) and the Stealing of Fish and Rabbits, was read the Third rRalj'01t 0 Stealing.

1 irae. "

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish

in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in War- ,

rens; and for preventing the Damage done to Sea

Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the Breeding

Conies therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Land Tax a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ap- Commttooew. pointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time, within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Electors of the Bo- Staffor# rough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, whose Election, Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the other Burgesses and Persons having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of William Richard Chetzvynd, Esquire, deceased, John Crewe, Esquire, and William Chet, wynd,]umor, of Stafford, Esquire, were Candidates; and alleging, that before and at the said Election, the said John , Esquire, and his Agents, were guilty of moll notorious and gross Bribery, in order to corrupt the Voters of the said Borough, and did actually bribe and corrupt a great Number of the said Voters, to vote for the said John Crewe,

Esquire; and that many outrageous Proceedings, and other illegal Practices were used by the said Mr. Crewe and his Agents at the Time of the Poll, whereby many Persons were deterred from coming to the Election, who proposed voting for the said Mr. Chetwynd, and many who offered to vote for the said Mr. Chetwynd were re-jedted, and others suffered to vote for the said Mr. who had no Right to vote, by which Means the said Mr.

Crewe hath procured himself to be returned, to the Prejudice of the said Mr. Chetwynd, and the Petitioners:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Justice may be done therein;

a8o so0 MartiL A. 1765*

and such Relief granted in thcPiemifes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the ad Day of

May next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to tc' enable Fanny Fozvler, Spinster, a Minor, to convey, assign, and settle, her Real and Personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges, Baronet; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And tlten the Messengers withdrew.

Cropton Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is

Indoiure. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill had been again recommitted;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Discovery Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the of the Committee ccthe whole House, to w!:;. it was referred

Lor.giuiue. to conlitie; furt'iei of iL. !*'(..>i A,', relating to the Rewards for discovering the l.o; vita le at Sea, and making Experiments of Proposels lor discovering the Longitude, the Refblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That a Ship has failed, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Longitude, from Po in Great Britain, to

Barbadoes in the West Indies; and that, by Means of a

Machine, Watch, or Time-keeper, invented by Mr. John Harrison, thej said Ship did not lose its Longitude beyond Ten Geographical Miles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, within Half a Degree of a Great Circle, or Thirty Geographical Miles, by Means of the said Watch or Timekeeper, invented by the said Mr. John Harrison, may be made generally practicable, and of general Utility, if the Principles, upon which the said Machine is constructed, are fully discovered and explained, and other Watches or Time-keepers of the same Kind can be made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Moiety of the greatest Reward, which is di-redledbyanAcl, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, to be paid to the Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers, of a proper Method for finding the said Longitude, be paid to the said Mr. John Harrison, as soon as the Principles, upon which his Machine, Watch, or Time-keeper, is constructed, are fully discovered and explained, and so soon as the said Mr. Harrison hath assigned the Property of his Time-keepers to the Commissioners of the Longitude, for the Use of the Public, according to the Conditions «n which divers Sums of Money have been advanced to 9

hlrrt by Order of the said Commissioners; deducting the reout the SumofTwo thousand Five hundred Pounds, already advanced to him; and the other Moiety of the said Reward be paid to him, when other Watches or Time-keepers of the same Kind are made, and, upon Trial, found to be of a sufficient Correctness to determine the said Longitude within Half a Degree of a Great Circle, or Thirty Geographical Miles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That great Progress has been made towards discovering the Longitude at Sea, by a Set of Lunar Tables, constructed by Tobias Mayer, deceased, late Profelfor at Goetinghen in Germany, in which he was considerably assisted from Theorems furnished by Professor Eu/tr, of the University of Berlin', and that the said Tables are of considerable Use to the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Tables may be further improved, and made of more general Utility.

Resolved, 'I hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Widow, or other Representatives, of the said Professor Mayer, arc deserving of a Public Reward, upon their assigning the Property of the said Tables to the Commissioners of Longitude, for the Use of the Public; and also, that the said Profelfor Euler is defers ing of an honorary and pecuniary Acknowledgment of his uteful and ingenious Labours towards the Discovery of the Longitude, and for the Improvement of Navigation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Powers of the said Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, and also of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rendering more effectual the said Act, be explained, and made effectual, as well for receiving the Discovery and Explanations of the Principles upon which the said Machine or Watch is constructed, and for making Trial of other Watches to be made in consequence thereof, and for paying the said Reward to the said Mr his Executors, or Administrators, as for giving propet Rewards to Professbr Euler and to the Widow or Representatives of the said Professor Mayer, and to such Person or Persons as shall improve the said Tables of the Moon, or have contributed to the Construction of the said Tables; as also to such Person or Persons as shall make other Discoveries useful to Navigation, (b as the Reward to the said Professor Euler, and to;the said Widow or Representatives of the said Professor Mayer, do not exceed the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, and the other Rewards do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; the said Rewards to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, unapplied to the Purposes of the Navy.

The Three Firflt Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being rend a Second Time, and the Amendment following oeing proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

After " Germany" to insert " upon Principles laid " down by Sir Isaac Newton;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof, these Words; viz. " and Observations made by the late " Dr. Halley and Dr. Bradley and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon (he Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the said Resolution; after the next " in" to insert " the Construction of," and after " which" to insert t: Tables."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee

Silk

Manufacture.

Privilege

PariLur.ent.

5 Geo. III. 20’ — 1

mittee in the said Resolution so amended, That great Progress has been made towards discovering the Longitude at Sea, by a Set of Lunar Tables, con thru fled by Tobias Mayer, deceased, late Professor at Gee ting ken, in Germany, upon Principles laid down by Sir Isaac

Neve ton, and Observations made by the late Dr. Ha!ley and Dr. Bradley, a id in the Construction of which Tables he was considerably assisted from Theorems fur-nithed by Professor Euler, of the University of Berlin; and that the said Tables are of considerable Use to the Public.

The Fifth and Sixth Rdotations of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereunto; To leave out from "Moon" to "as also after the Second " Euler " to insert " does not exceed the Sum of £. 300" alter the next "and" to insert "the Reward," to leave out "do "and insert " does," instead thereof; to leave out the First " Five " and insert " Three " instead thereof, leave out " Five Hundred."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Ref lution lb amended, That the Powers of the said Act of the 12th of Queen Anne, and allb of an Act passed in the 26th Year or the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rendering more effectual the said Act, be explained and made effectual, as well for receiving the Discovery and Explanation of the Principles upon which the said Machine or Watch is constructed, and fir making Trial cf other Watches to be made in consequence thereof, and for paying the said Reward to the said Mr. John Harrison, his Executors or Administrators. as for giving proper Rewards to Professor and to the

Widow or Representatives of the said Professor Mayer, and to such Person or Persons, as shall improve the said Tables of the Moon, as also to such Person or Persons as shall make other Discoveries ufeflil to Navigation, so as the Reward to the said Professor Euler does not exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and the Reward to the said Widow or Representatives of the said Professor Mayer does not exceed the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and the other Rewards do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; the said Rewards to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, unapplied to the Purposes of the Navy.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the fed Resolutions, as agreed to by the House; and that Mr. Stephens, Lord Barrington, the Lord Carysfort, Captain Bentinck, Mr. James Harris, Mr. , and Sir Roger Newdigate, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of them-ielves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain-, and the several other Petitions relating to Silk; were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of King

Yol. 30.

Mar tit. 1281

the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fitzherlert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, That,

they had gone through the Bi.l, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 21° die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1765*

PRAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lo’-ds, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Master, Brethren, and Sifters of the Hospital of the Lord Hajlings, of Loughborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn, Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premises in Stoke Poges aforesaid, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Fanny Foivler, Spinster, a Minor, to convey, assign, and settle her real and personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges, Baronet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing tie Common Fields, Common Pallure-, Common Meadows. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the iamc to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Commit ee; (except Three Persons, whose Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed, is of the yearly Vanie of £. 88; who, being applied to, refus d to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed

4 C is

Tythe of Midtkr.

Supply.

Way* and Mean*.

Penn’*

Exchange;

Fowler’s

Elute.

Spratton

Inclolore,

tea?brongh

indo/ure.

Cfopton

Inclosure.

'Snitterfield

inclosure.

’York

Road.

282 210 Martii. A. 17654

is of the annual Value of £. 946. 8r. and that no Person appeared before the Committed, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, in or near the Village or Hamlet of in he

Township of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of

ham, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Hczvara, Mr. Vernon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. JVemyfs, Sir George , Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dempster, Sir George Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Crewe, Lord Fife, Mr. Howard, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Pannture, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drummond, Sir Ed-

uard Hawke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Edmonfone, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lascelles, Lord George Sackville, Sir Richard Philipps, Colonel Hotham, Sir Smith;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Weflmorehnd., and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sniff eld, otherwise Snitterfield, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

(except----- Hillman, who is possessed of about One

Acre of Land, and who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, con-ruin 17 Yard Lands and Three Quarters, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir George Armitage do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the City of 1 ork, by Grimfon Smithy, in the East Biding of the County of York, to Kexby Bridge, in the same Riding; and also from Grimf on Smithy aforesaid, in Two Branches, the One to a certain Gate in the Road between Kirby TJnderdale and Pocklington, at the upper End of Gar-7

raby Hill, in the said Riding, and the other to and through Elvington, to Elvington Bridge, in the said Rid-

ing; was committed.

Sir George Armitage accordingly reported froni the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

9

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the South End of the Town and Borough of Newton Abbott, in the County of Devon, through the several Parishes of Wlolborough, Kings

Kerfwell, Marledon, Paington, Ferrers, Brixham,

and Kingswear, to the Passage Way in Kingswear aforesaid, opposite to the Town and Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and also the Road leading from the End, next adjoining to the Town of Newton Abbott,-di a certain Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards the Village of Kerf-

well, to and through that Village, to Five Lanes, in the Road before described; and also the Road leading from a Bam, lying near Smoaky House, in the Parish of Marledm aforesaid, called Langver's Barn, through the several Parishes of Marledon and Ipplepen, in the said County, leading to the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes aforesaid; and also the Road leading from a Common called Galmpton W’athrough the said Parishes of Brixham and Churfon Ferrers, and the Lower End of Churfon Ferrers Town, by a Blacksmith’s Shop there, to Monks Bridge, and from thence to Brixham Quay, in the said Parish of Brixham; and also the Road leading from the said Barn called Langver's Barn, through the said Parishes of Marledon and Paington, to the North End of Paington Town, within the said Parish of;

was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 28.1. 23. to leave out from " of," to " one," in 1. 25.

1.28. to leave out " Trustees," and after " Justices" to insert " is and."

Pr. 49.1. 12. to leave out from " prescribed," to " any," in 1. 14.

1. 26. to leave out from " laid," to the End of the 27th line.

Pr. 50.1. 17. to leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " such," in 1. 18.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott, to the Passage Way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbotts Kerfweto Five Lanes, and from Langver's Barn, to the said Turnpike Road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes\ and from Galmpton Warborough, to Monks Bridge, and Brixham Quay; and from Langver's Barn, to the North End of Paington Town; all in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the Lord Howe do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendments

Newton

Abbott

Roads.

5 Geo. III. 21 0 Marl283

Hi* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, tndI others) j^n Act: for naturalizing His, John Henry Err\ft,

at' and John Michael P/atz.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; vtic.

Pr. 1. 1. 8. leave out "and."

1. 10. after ," insert " and Rudolph

" Lemann, Son of Lemann by

" Mary his Wife, born in Aubonne,

" in the Canton of Berne, in Sivitzerland’."

1. 23. leave out " and."

1. 24. after " insert " and Rudolph Le-

"mam."

Pr. 2.1. 2. leave out "and," and after " Platz," insert " and Rudolph ."

1. 40. leave out " and."

Pr. 3. 1. 1. after "Platz," insert " and Rudolph " Leman."

- 1. 1.2. leave out " and."

1. 13. after " Platz," insert " Lemann."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " and, " and at the End thereof add "and Rudolph Lemann."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Edvoard do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Bank of A Bill for veiling certain Glebe Lands, belonging to England. the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jackson,

I Mr. Boulton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Harris, Mr.

v; Cray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Camp-

\ bell. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coutts, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bur- ton, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir William Baker, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Shiffner Me. Fonnereau, Mr. Burrell,

' Mr. Prowse, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who ‘ serve for the Counties of Essex, Kent, Surrey,

and Sussex; and the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet thi# Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thp Speaker’s Chamber,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from

Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Workhouse at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and to the Road from the Intrenchment on Af-kerfwetl Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Beamijler-, and also, for repairing and amending several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset and Devon -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands, in the County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint George,

in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money arising the reby, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between Thomas Holies, Duke of Newcastle, and Margaret Cavendifhe, Duchels Dowager of Portland, of several Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Nottingham; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses, as the Lands for which the same are exchanged Hood settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1764 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 21st Day of March 1765, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with! the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

Penn

Road.

St. George, Bloomsbury, Re&orial Estate.

Duke of Newcastle’s Estates.

Account; Disposition of Grants.

V OL. 30.

GO

4*

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1764has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 21st t)ay of

March 1765, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

09

o

cn'

r+

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

c§

FT

SERVICES,

rFov the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 16,000 Men, including 4,287 Marines, from the lit of January 1764 - -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1764....

For carrying on the Building of Four Houses for the Officers of the Hospital, lately erected at Plymouth

For the Support and Relict of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Sendee of their Country, not provided for in

Greenwich Hospital - - - - -....

Towards the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs, of His Majesty's Ships, for the Year 1764 Towards paying oflf and discharging the J)cbt of the Navy - -

For paying a Bounty for the Year 1764 of 2s. 6d. a Day to 15 Chaplains, and of as. a Day to 15 more Chaplains, who have served longed on board His Majesty’s Ships of War .....4

8

c

M

C

E

O

J For Ordnance, Sea Service -

I For Ditto, - Land Service

J For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1763 -

To make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands, 4'c- in Kent, Sujfejr, and Southampton, as w ere purchased pursuant to an Act, 2° Georgii jtl1, to erect Forts and Batteries upon, for the Defence of the Sea Coast - -

For I nterest of the several principal Sums to be paid for Purchase of the said Lands, tyc. from 29th of September 1759, to the 24th of June

j7^4..... ....

For defraying the Charge of 17,532 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guenifey, and Jersey, for the Year 1764 -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Providons for the Garrisons of Nora Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Quebec, for the Year 1764 For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1764 For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1704 -

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, reduced and disbanded in 1763, and such as are to be reduced and disbanded, for the Year 1764 -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Ilorfo Guards and Regiment of Ilorfe reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1764 * Towards defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account, for the Year 17G4 -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted b\* Parliament upon Account, towards the Charge of 1)°, for the Year 1763 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1764 -

'I’o enable His Majesty to defray the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1764 Towards assisting His Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of U<tfc CaJ/M, pursuant to Treaty

c 1. d.

790,400 — —

398*568 11 9

3,000 "*

— —

200,000 — —

050,000 — — -

G23* 6

41,600

173.080 8 6

52.359 8 1

545 15 —

103 13 9*

617.704 *7 10

372.774 6 4-i

11,322 7 3

30,188 18

125,455 13 —

2,605 15

103,794. 2

18,33* "i7 11

1,696 — "

43,901 3 7A

50,000. —

Sum voted.

r. d.

2,o53,2<5ff § 3

5 4l

Sums paid.

4.

Remains to be paid.

£. s. d.

230,649 8 9i

37,039 16 7

-$9Ll V FW it

o-

r'

o

D

D

eg I

— h

n‘ CD . Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

L

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 20th Day of February 1763, and the 25th Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament More towards D°, out of the Monies or Savings remaining of the Grant for the Pay of

the Troops of the Duke of Brunswick, and for Subsidies for 1763, and of tho Grants in several former Sessions of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of 5 Battalions /*. #.

serving in the late Army in Germany, with the Corps of Artillery - 102,469 19

More towards D°, Extraordinaries out of certain Savings of Public Monies, and out of Monies arisen by the Sale of His Majesty’s Stores in Germany and Portugal, which have been paid to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces - 6r,o8ff 4 —

Total Extraordinary Expence of the Land Forces-

Towards discharging such unsatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War m Germany, as appears to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty for examining and dating the same -

MLojre towards discharging D°, out of certain Savings, made upon the non-effective Accompts of several Regiments, and reserved in the Office of the Paymader General of His Majesty’s Land Forces - -- 170,906 a 8

Total applicable to discharge German Demands Total provided for out of Savings, fyc. in the Hands of the Paymader General 334,464 5

C s. d. *23*876 12 2|

rf&558 3 3-A-

987,434 156

329,®93 17 4

170,906 2 8 500,000 — —

11A

V- __

For the Marriage Portion of her Royal Highfltefs the P'rincefs Ahgujla -

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trud reposed in them by Parliament -Towards enabling the Commissioners for paving, cleaofing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Wtfminster, tfc. more effectually to perform the Trulls repoled in them - -

For paying off, and discharging the principal Sum of £, 1,800,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 30 Georgii 3*, for the Service of the Year 1763,. and charged upon the fird Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year 1764, together with Intered for the said Exchequer Bills, and the Charges of making out, issuing, and paying off the same To make good the Deficiency of the hjlalt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1762, at Lady Day 1764 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1762, at Michaelmas 1764 -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, onsth of July 1763 -

To replace to D° the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1763, on the loth of 08ober 1763 -

To replace to D* the like Sum paid thereout, for the Half Year’s Payment due the 29th of September 1763, on the Annuities granted in respect of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures delivered up and caucelled pursuant to an Act, 30 Georgii 3tU ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1763 -

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament i* Georgii 3tU -To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses - For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1764 .

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1763 to 24th of June 1764 -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1763 to 24th of June 1764 -

For defraying the Charges of the CirjlEftablishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th

of June 1763 to 24th of June 1764.....-----

For defraying the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year 1764 Towards encouraging*and enabling John Blnke, Esquire, further to carry into execution his Plan for better supplying London and Westminster with Fish -

823,876 12 2|

329.093 17 4

i»530»745 7lf 2,267,867 15 5|

80,000 — — 80,000 — —

2,000 — 2,000 — —

10,000 — 5,000 — —

1,82J, I04 9 — 1,825,104 9 —

322,079 7 si 322^79 7 si

171.850 10 7 171,850 IO 7

4T.M3 ®"| 1

36,699 15 4JI ' I r 147.593 is 47.593’ 18

69,671 1 a’J

129,489 — 3 129,489 — 3

4.754 1 5i 4*754 5$

7.350 7.35o

5,703 14 11 5,703 14 li

4,031 1} 8* ’4,031 8 8

- ' 5.78° — 5,700

5»7°° 5,700

1,818 9 — 1,818 9 —

2,500 1 2,500 — —

cJn

a

w

o.

462,877 »5

5,000 —

00

For defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764 -Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were . received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 31st December 1763 to the 31st of December 1764 - For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa - - - To make good to Samuel Touchet of London, Merchant, all the Expence he has incurred in fitting out several Vessels employed in the late successful Expedition, for the Reduction of the French Forts and Settlements in the River Senegal, and iu full of all Claims and Demands whatsoever 80.000 — — 38,347 ~ 20.000 — — 7,000 38,347 10 — 20*000 — 7,000 80,000 — —

Towards satisfying the Sums unpaid 7,711,657 H 7»r 7.337.74° 1 1° 384.917 11 9iV

Remains to be blued of the Two millions granted out of the Sinking Fund 135.457 6 n

Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1764 - ? 249,660 4 10

oo

Os

Ways and Means towards the &id Services*

C *- d-

750.000 — " By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1764*'

2.000. 000 — — By 4#. per Lib. on Land.

1.000. 000 — — Advanced by the Bank of England on Exchequer Bills.

110.000 — — Advanced by the Bank of England, no Part thereof to bare*

paid, nor any Interest for the fame.

*,000,000 — — Out of the Sinking Fund.

800.000 — — By Exchequer Bills charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

3,497 9 9 Surplus on the 5th of January 1764, of the Duties upon Beer and Ale, granted by an Act, i° Gcoil 3tU, for Payment of Annuities 1761.

150.000 — — Granted for Pay and Clothing of the Militia, Anno 1763, and

not ifihed for that Service.

659>5oo — — Out of Monies arisen from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War.

7*472,997 4 9 049,660 4 10 Deficiency of Grants.

7,722,657 H 7

Memorandum:

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as followeth; viz.

For the late Marine Regiments African Company’s Creditors -Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496 19 1J

£ 8. d.

- 16,506 5 ik

- - 900 12 10

57# 17 7k

*7.977 15 72

o

Presented the 21st Day of March 1765* ky

Spetr*

a

ca

N

CD

Q.

1 n

1

Martii. A. x 765.

5 Geo. III. 210 M. a©7

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of’ the House.

Purton Sir 'Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to Ovtry whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open rK.oime. p;ej(jS) Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except jane Cloudjley, Sarah , John Newton, William tioweit, Anne Shermanand Robert Knight, who all retried to sign the Bill, and who were all together pof-lefiecl of Seven Eighths of a Yard Land; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed connfts of Forty-nine Yard Lands, and Four Eighths of a Yard Land; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ramsgate Mr. Hennikerreported from the Committee, to whom liuttiour. the Bill to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of w-as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments-thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tlvc Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; r nd then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Glove Mr. Boulton reported from the Committee, who were Manufacture, appointed to examine into the present State of the Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Leather Mittins; and to report the lame, as it should appear to them, to the House; That the Committee had examined accordingly; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards- delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. William Majfey, a Glover, informed your Committee, That the Trade -of Leather -Gloves and Mittins is in a declining State, owing to the great Quantities of French Leather Gloves and Mittins lnruggled into this. Kingdom.

That he believes there are 50,000 Dozen and upwards of Leather Gloves and Mittins annually smuggled into this Kingdom; that the Trade cannot be furnished but with such foreign Goods as have been seized and sold at the Custom-«House, owing to Foreigners manufacturing their Skins into Gloves and Mittins, and smuggling them into this Kingdom.

That there is a great Decrease in the Duties on the Importation of Kid and Lamb Skins; that One House Vol. 30.

in London paid more Duties formerly than all the Trade together pay now.

That if the Importation of foreign Gloves and Mittins was prohibited. Skins would be imported into this Kingdom for want of a Market abroad; and that if Skins were imported into this Country, they could manufacture them into Gloves and Mittitis better than the foreign Manufacturers.

That the Demand for Gloves and Mittins in France has been lb great, that the French have bought up Skins in Italy, which has been a Means of distressing the Trade here for want of them; and that the French have likewise manufactured those Skins into Gloves and Mittins, and have smuggled them into this Country.

That Smuggling prevents the Trade employing so many Hands as formerly, for want of Leather to work up into Gloves and Mittins; and that many of the Trade are in great Distress at this Time for want of Employment, particularly Women and Children.

The above Evidence was confirmed by Mr. John Walter, Mr. Richard Griffith, Mr. John Pitt, Mr.

George Jennings, and Mr. William Rowe, who are all Dealers in Gloves and Mittins.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thttrfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Land Ta* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Cora"iffioaer5-appointing Commissioners to put in execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised-in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the lame, were not-rated or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time, within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the A mendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^ be

ingtofifecL

Mr. Ridley, according to Order, reported from the Effete* of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Ecclesiastical quiet the present Possessors of Leases from Ecclesiastical gaming'* Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Leases. of TytheS, Tolls, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases; and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments, with a Remedy to recover the respective Rents reserved; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Ultimate; Civil Ella-blishment of

American

Colonies.

288 si* Ma 1765.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrolTcd.

Mr. Bacon, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, prdeated to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765: And also.

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North , for the

Year 1765: And also.

An Account of sundry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Years 1750, 1751, 1752, 1762, 1763, and not provided for by Parliament; as far as the Accounts of such Services have hitherto been brought in, and examined.

Mr. Bacon also, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1765.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The laid Estimates and Account are as followeth -t viz.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1763.

s. d.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General - -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Regift A ——

To the Surveyor of Lands -

To an Allowance to an Assistant ——

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25 each -

To an Allowance for unforeleen contingent Expences -

To a Bounty for the Encouragement of the Culture of Silk, Vines, and other Articles of beneficial Produce ——

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians -

1,200-----

500 — —

150-----

150-----

100 — —

120-----

30 — — 200 — — 100 — — 100 — —

50-----

1,000 — —

500 — —

1,000 --- —

5,200 — —

EST I MATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 14th of June 1765.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

.To the Salary of the Register ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor ®f Lands ——

To an Allowance for an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Minister at St. Augustine ——

To a Minister at St. Mark's ——

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25 each -

To'an Allowance for unforeleen contingent Expences ——

To an Allowance for the Encouragement of the Culture of Silk, Vines, and other Articles of beneficial Produce ——

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Prelents to the Indians -

1,200

500

150

*5°

100

120

3°

200

100

100

5°

1,000

500

1,000

S. d.

5,200-----

S Geo. III

ai" Martii.

ESTIMATE of the Civil EstabH foment of His Majesty’s Colony of , and other incidental Expences

attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765.

To "the Salary of the Governor and other Officers and other Magistrates established in the Colony To an Allowance to a M-imfterof the Church of England, established at Savannah -Tothe Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah and One at Vrrnonburgh and To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot flattened at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and suffi-eient Hands -

To repairing the Public Buildings, entertaining the , Fees paid upon Monies received at

ttis Majesty’s Exchequer, and other contingent Expences -

To a Continuation of the Provisions made by the late Trustees for purchasing from the Growers, the Balls or Cocoons of Raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it

£ d.

2,120-----

7°-----

46-----

4©o — —

5o ——

500 — —

1,000 —

L

3,986-----

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1765.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed tn making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District -To Two Assistant Surveyors to be employed in the General Survey, at 7 per Day each To One Draft fman, at 5 s. per Day -

To sin additional Pay of 1 s. 8 d. per Day to One Serjeant, 1J. per Day to One Corporal, and 6 per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Cham Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains -To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, iA - - - -To the like Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District -

Tp an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon the Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - - - ’ - -

lC* S'

100 — 254 10 9i 5

155 100 — 700 17

200 —

1,601 14

d.

An ACCOUNT of sundry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova Scotia in the Years 1750, 17J1, 1752, 1762, 1763, and not provided for by Parliament, as for as the Accounts of such Services have hitherto been brought in and examined.

To Provisions supplied the Garrisons at ChigneSto, and other Services performed, and Expences incurred there, by Captain Howe, in the Years 1750, 1751, and 1752 - -

To Goods supplied, and other Expences incurred, for carrying on Commerce with the Indians, upon the Plan settled by Governor Lawrence for that Trade -

To sundry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Years 1762 and 1763, over . tod above the Estimates for that Service in those Years -

{,’ S’

500 —

3,000 —

3,500 —

7,000 —

N. B. When the Accounts, to which the Above Articles refer, are finally settled and adjusted, they will b* laid

before Parliament.

Vol. 'flp.

a i* Ma

A. 17

29©

-E S TIM AT E of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony

of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1765.

To the Salaries of the Chief Justice, Secretary, Treaftlrer, and other Civil Officers established in the Colony, and for contingent Expences attending the Public Offices

To an additional Salary to the Governor of the Province -

To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -

To the Expence of an Orphan House -

To the Seamen’s Wages, Stores, Provisions, and Repairs of a Pilot Schooner in the Service of thp Province ——

To the Salaries of the Magistrates and other Civil Officers, established at and for contingent Expences attending the Settlement there -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

£. s.

2,082 8 —

500-----

200-----

384 i 11

203 — —

34* 5 — 1,200 — —

4,911 14 it

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do 1 lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Privilege Mr. Fitzherbert, according to Order, reported from p the Cortltnittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

ar ment. atnend, and render more effectual, an Act,

passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read _ the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Estimate*; . Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

African His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give ett ements. jy, reftions, foat t]iere be laid before this House, Estimates of the Charge which may be necessary for the Support of a Civil and Military Establishment, upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, which lies to the Northward of Cape Rouge.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Agents Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according for to Order, a Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to Prize Money. account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and for the Application thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Batchers. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Tear of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explain-ing/and making more effectual, that Part of an Act,

pa fifed in the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smith-

field, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the felling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by One Butcher to another; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read aSecond Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House was moved, that the First of the Refo- Supply; lutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing " of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th of " March 1765."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Sefliion of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March 1765: And that Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr kinson, and Sir William Beauchamp do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info importation a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, of Wool, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The

5 Geo. III.

2i°- — 22"

25>t

Clandestine The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be lclemnized in Churches or Publid Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arilen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Uegifters; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The Houte divided.

The Noes went forth.

92.

' Tellers for the Yeas <Sir J*h* Glymle' I

I Ulers for the 1 eas, j Mr mUp: J

Tellers for the Noes *Mr‘ I 2I

1 ellers for the IN oes.j General lrwin J 31

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Hoith Britain Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Bank Mors. ing next, Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes, ill'ued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North Britain.

Ir-ijiTmtirm Resolved’, That this House will, upon Morn-

of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole , House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

Stratford Ordered \That Sir George Yonge be added to the Gen-laclofurr. tlemeh, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Common Fields, Common M.adows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Township , and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford.

Sebnbtm Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for confirming the Allotments of, and for inclosing, the Common, and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of , otherwise , in

the County of Cumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Ten Persons, who, being applied to, said they were against the Bill, but assigned ’ no material Reason for being so, and whole Property amounts to f. 127. 10j. per;

and that the Property of the Persons who have consented to the Bill, amounts to £.1,255. Annum-, and that

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Vot. 30.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swac/iffe, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1763.

PR A YIR S.

AB IL L for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Harley, Mr. Drake, Sir Armine Mr.

Mr. Darner, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Prat, Air.

Gilbert, Sir Waller Blacket, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Hynele Colton, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Clive, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Glover, Sir ’Thomas Cave, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bacon, Lord Grey, Mr. BrudotMr. Foley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of,

Stafford, Salop, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Long,

in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot, which lies in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Vane, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Mr. Drax, $ir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Cave, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Darner, Sir John Hynde CottoH, Mr. Shaflo, Mr. Bull, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Mr.

Tracey, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Harley, Sir George Po-cock. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Parker; and all the Mem,-bers who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton,

Stafford,

Shutford

Inclosure.

Granburrow

Inclosure,

Long Buckby Inclosure,

*9* 32 Mar tit. 1765.

Stafford, Sulop, Derby:And rtiey are to meet this Aftafnoofl, at Fiwe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wadworth Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ladolure. Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open' Arable Fields, Undivided tndofures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wad-toortbi in the West Riding of the County of York, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, That John Eftyurre, who petitioned this House upon the

e6th Day of February last, on the behalf of his Son Francis ¥err and Foljumbe, a Minor, under the Age of 11 Vests, Lord of the Manor of , in the West

Riding of the County of York, and an Owner of considerably more than One-third Part of the Open Arable Fields, and Undivided Inclosores, in the Parish of Wad-worth aforesaid; and also a Proprietor of several ancient Messuages and Cottages, and largely interested in the Commons and Wastes, in the said Parish, pTaying to be heard, by his Counfrl, against the said Bill; and which Petition was ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by his tounfel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Saviie, Mr. Hewett-, Lord Mr. Vane, Mr. Ridley,

Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mr. Tracey, Sir John

Morgan, Mr. WhUhtot, Mr. Bacon, Sir Smith, Mr. Chalmiey, Mr. Rafhl Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harbor d, Sir Robert Burdjtt, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Montagu, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Glover, Mr.

Lord Strdhgi, Mr. Darner, Mr. Sir Armine

houfs, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bull, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. Shiffner,

Mr. Fannereau, Mr. Bagot, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of 7ork,

Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, and

Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lutcham A Bill for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, Inclafure. in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in ihe County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor demit, Mr. Harbor d. Sir Armine , Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Tracey, Sir John Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Norris, lord Verne Mr. Hume, Mr. Bootle, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Choitnfey, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bull, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. , Mr. Onslow, Sir

George Yonge, Mr. Honblon, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Thomas Fainter, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Sir Roger

Nexvdigale, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sir George , Mr. Fuller, Mr. Forrejier, Sir William , Mr. Byde, Mr. Morris, Sir John Giy Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chatted* A Bill for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, Ferry through Chatteris and , to Wisbech Saint Peters,

Wisbech a:1^ ^l0rn die nee to Tid Gote, in the IJleof and from Road.C Wisbech aforesaid, through to Bridge,

in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March-, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Tracey, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Dr ax. General Stanwix, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Waller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Coventry,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Shuttleworth Mr. Vane, Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Eames, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gray, Sir George Saviie, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. IValfing-ham. Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hunter, Lord Burgkerfh, Mr. Befi, Mr. Gilbert, Sir James Mr. Byde, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John DelavaL, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Glyhne, Lord Brownlow Bertie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge,

Lincoln, Northampton, Suffolk, and Norfolk; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloak, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Dunster and Timberfcombe, to Hele Bridge, and through the Town of Dulverton, and by the River and Brushford Green, to Ex* bridge, in the County of Somerset, and from thence to Batliam Bridge, in the County of Devon, and from Brushford Green aforesaid, to Worther in the Parish of Tiverton, in the said County of Devon and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Mine-head, through Carhampton and , to Harlrow

Gate, in the Parish of Elworthy, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of in the Parish of

Saint Decuman's, in the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and through the Village of Putfham, and by Long CroJ's Barn, to the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowey, in the County of Somerset; and also from the said Town of Watchet, to Tower Hill, in the Village of Wiliton, in the said Parish of Saint Decuman's-, and also from the said Town of Watchet, by way of Five Bells, to Cross, and from thence to Sticklepath, over Brendon Hill, to Ro-bery Lane, and to Bmnpton, in the said County of j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shrff-ner, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Willoughby, Lord Thomond, Mr. , Mr. Lafceltes,

Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grey, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Forrejier, Mr. , Sir George Saviie, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Drake, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Milles, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Charles Mr. Bridgeman,

Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sir

George Armitage, Sir John Gib, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Colonel Hot ham, Lord John Mr. Pen-

nant, Lord Grey, Mr. Bul/er, Mr. Parker, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Hvflands and Great

Wigslon, to Mi/flonLane, in the Town of Leicester, was

re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend* ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

V

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Manchejkr

and

Minehead,

lx.

Roads.

Welford

to

Leicester

Kjpull,

Manchester

and

Salford

Streets*

Koval Assent to Bills.

5 Geo. IIL 23* Martiu 305

and Salford, in the Ctmntv Palatine of Lancaster; and for establishing a regular Watch, and for brovid ing Fire Engines and Firemen; and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns; was committed; That the Committee biad examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Message by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Allent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That -the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corn-million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal, was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of,

the Lord High Chancellor of Great the Lord

President of the Council, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household, and several. other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household; and the Earl of Mare/mount and the jLord Mansfield, named also in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in t\\z British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Army and their-Quarters.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces^ while on Shore.

- An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in xthe Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons, as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making- Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Irekmd.

An Act- for impowering the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts passed for poring, deanfing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, to collect certain Tolls, on , upon the

several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the feme for the Purposes of the said Acts.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts; within the Hundreds of Black-heath, of

Voi,. 30.

Bromley and BeckeuhdiH, of Rokeftey, otherwise Huxley, and of Little and Lejfiufs, in the County of Kent.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debits within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Darner ham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of Wilts.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town o \ Wadlntrin the County of Suffer, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parities of Mar den, Ya/den, and West Farley to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, for repairing the Read from Chatteris Feriy, to Hammond's Eau, and Somer-sham Bridge; and fur amending and widening the Road from Somerftiam Bridge, to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stock bridge, through Needingwerth, to Ear it h, in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from Vcrthaethvty Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey.

An Adfc to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to y

and from thence to Faringdm; and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County; so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon; and for dileontmuing the -said Term and Powers, so for as the feme relate to she. Road leading from Wantage to; and for repairing the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Com-;

mencemeot of the said Turnpike Hoad, leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Quay, at Lymington, in the County of Southampton.

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon,

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petutor th, to the Top of Duntlon Hill, and fioro Pet worth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

An Act for continuing, and rendering more eflfedlual. Two Acts passed in the Twelfth Year of King George the First and the Twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the ffeveral Roads therein mentioned, in (he Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for repairing and1 widening several other Roads, in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Domington, in the Parish of Stout me the Wold, in the County of Gloucffler.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Hamlet, and Tything, of Wtftcote, in the Parish of don, in the County of Bucks.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common 4 F Fields,

Manchester

and

Salford

Stmts.

Elford

Inclosure.

Seaming

Inclosure.

294 22* Martii. . A. 1765.

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;-Manor of Long Eaton, in the Parish of Sawley, in the and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent

County of Derby. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of: the Committee; ex-

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and cept Five Persons, whose Interest in the said Lands Common Fields and Grounds, within the Township of amounts to £.90. per; and that the whole Ulrome, otherwise Owram, in Holderness, in the County yearly Value of the Lands intended to be indofed,

of York. amounts to £. 843, and that no Person appeared before

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Corn-Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf- mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several tures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him’

Parish of North Kilworth, in the County of Leicester. to report to the House; and he read the Report in'

An Act for annexing the Rectory of Colerne, in the his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the County of Wilts, to the Office of Warden of the Col- -Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lege of Saint Mary, of Wine hefter, in Oxford.Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Ann Wilson, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Widow, and Ann Wilson, her Daughter, an Infant, in foverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Trustees, to be sold, for discharging the Debts and Or, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Incumbrances affecting the fame. ingrossed.

An Act to enable Richard Duppa, Clerk, heretofore

called Richard Hancorn, and his Heirs Male, to take An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Rothwell and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to mon Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Pa- Inclosure. the Will of Baldwin Duppa, Esquire, deceased. rish of Rothwell, in the County of Lincoln, was read

An Act to enable William Ager, and his Issue, to take the Third I'ime. and use the Surname of Tumor. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title*

An Act to enable John Jennings, Esquire, now called be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common John Smith, and his Heirs, to take and use the Sur- Fields, Common and W afte Grounds, in the Parish of name of Smith, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Smith, Rothwell, in the County of Lincoln. deceased. Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

An Act to enable William Marwood, Esquire, lately Lords, and desire their Concurrence, called William Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and

bear, the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Wifbeadi the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased. the Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wif- to

An Act to enable William Nevil Blondeau, Esquire, beach River, lying between Ropers Fields, and tue Bell Inn,

and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Hart. in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in

An Act to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe, Esquire, Walfoken, in the county of ; and from Walfoken

and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Poole, Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the Sign of the pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Ludwell, deceased. Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in and from flienee

-An Act for naturalizing Dirk Jager, of the City of to the West End of London, Merchant. in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of

An Act for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrer, and Renl German’s Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Labutte. Bridge, in in the Borough or King's Lynn, in

An Act for naturalizing John Elias Jaquery, Peter the said County of Norfolk', and from Islington afore-Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Henriod, John James Ofvald, laid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County; was re.id and John Francis Anthony Rivaz. a Second Time.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte, and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon,

David Francis Sapte. 1 Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. , Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Glover, Colonel Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by Barre, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Campbell, Lord,

the Committee to the Bill for cleansing and lighting Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dyson, Lord Onvell, Mr. Shiftier, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Mr. Whitworth, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Harbvrd, Mr.

Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lan- Drax, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Gray, Sir caster; and for establishing a regular Watch, and for George , Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Sir

providing Fire Engines and Fire Men; and for pre- George Savtle, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Torke, Lord Burgherjh, , venting Annoyances within the said Towns; being fe- Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Champion, Lord Mr.

verally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Jhend, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mr.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Parker, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange, Mr. Houblon, Mr.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Byde, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord and all the ingrossed. Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suf-

folk, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet Mr. Coventry presented to the House, according to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Chamber.

Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of EL Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to Keybeny ford, in the County of Stafford: And the same was re- whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads ceived; and read the First Time. from Keyberry Bridge, to the Passage at Shalldon, and R<£'d

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Turkey,

in the County of Dpvon, was committed; That the

Sir Roger Newdigate reported from the Committee, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- and found the same to- be true; and that the Common, called. Scanting Common, and the Greens, called, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Pound Green, Popes Green, and Betts Green, lying within Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the several Manors of Seaming Hall, Drayton Hall, and to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Northern Hall, Seaming Parva, Guntonsand Rougholme, Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the on the Part of Hoe, or feme or One of them, and in Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the the Parish of Seaming, in the County of Norfolk, was Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a committed. That the Committee had examined the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ,.....2Z severally

23* Martii.

5 Geo. III.

95

Tynr'

River.

severally put thereupon, federal of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House j and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, and the rest of the Petitions relative thereto, are referred, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Estate* of An ingrossed Bill to quiet the present Possessors of Ecctefialtical Leases from Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Cor-^rar^ng1'’ Porafe* and Collegiate, of Tythes, Tolls, and other Incor-l.r»faT poreal Hereditaments, for Lives or Terms of Years, in the Enjoyment of such Leases; and to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to grant Leases of such Incorporeal Hereditaments, with a* Remedy to recover the respective Rents referred; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Archbishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, of Tythes, and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for One, Two, or Three, Life or Lives, or Twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Lcales, and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved and in Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pembroke

iicction.

importation

of

WooL

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 4th Day of this instant , for hearing, at

the Bar of this House, upon 5T« the 16th Day of April next, the Matter of the Petition of Hugh , Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the 6th Day of May next.

Mr. Kyttaston, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain, the Resolu-lutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Import from Ireland of Wool, Wool-fells, Short-lings, Mortlings, Wool-flocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures, made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, hath of late greatly decreased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland to England, and for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool and Wool manufactured from Ireland, to Foreign Parts, passed in the 12th Year of King George the Second, as permits the Exportation of the said Commodities from all the Ports of Ireland to Great Britain, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of Lis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Von. 30,

Act fof opening the Port of Exeter, for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, intituled, An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain, passed in the 26th Year of King the

Second, as permits the Exportation of Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool-fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool-flocks, and Worsted Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the future, Dublin, Waterford, Hew Ross, Toughall, Kingsale, Cork, Drogheda, Newry, Wexford, Wicklow, and Dundalk, shall be the only Ports in Ireland, from which Wool, Wool-fells, Shortlings, Mort-lings. Wool-flocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures, made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, shall be exported, to be brought into Great Britain; and that Bideford, Minehead,

Bridgewater, Bristol, Milford Haven, Liverpool,

Lancaster, and Whitehaven, shall be the only Ports in Great Britain, into which the said Commodities shall be importedexcept that Bay and Woollen Yarn be permitted to be imported into Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative,

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Kynaston, the Lord Strange, Sir Jarrit Smith, the Earl of Tko-mond, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Amy and, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the several Cutting Butchers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, for explaining and making more effectual that Part of an Act, passed in the 5th Year of Queen Anne, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly, as relates to the Selling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another; and alleging, that the Farmer and Grazier consign their Sheep and Lambs to their respective Salesmen in Town, who fell the feme to another Set of Men, called Carcase Butchers, wbq are about 28 in Number; and that the Carcase Butchers have been long labouring to engross to themselves the whole Power of supplying the Town with Mutton and Lamb; and each of them, upon an Average, buy weekly of the Salesmen 400 Head a-piece, which they retail out to the numerous Body of Cutting Butchers; the Salesmen and Carcase Butchers, therefore, have it in their Power to combine together, and buy and sell at what Price they please, and thereby subject both the Grazier and House-keeper to such Price as they think fit; and representing to the House, that the great Source and principal Caule of the present Dearnels of Provisions is chiefly owing to the Carcase Butcher having the foie Pbwer of

supplying

Butchers*

Supply Bill Duties on Coals, &c.

Convention with France respecting Fr.foners oi War.

V.

296 Martii. A. 1765.

Applying the Cutting 'Butchers with Mutton and lamb; and that if an Opportunity is given to the numerous Body of Cutting Butchers to buy in open Market, the Price of Provisions will be reduced, and the Graziers and Farmers get a better Price for their Sheep and Lambs: And therefore praying, That the present Method of Trade, in respect to the Selling Sheep and Lambs by one Butcher to another as above-mentioned, may be varied and altered for the Benefit of the Public, in such Manner as may be most agreeable to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petitioa do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 'Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explaining and making more effectual that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in 'field, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly, as relates to the Selling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by ooe Butcher to Another, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jenhinfonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coais, and of several Raft India Goods, and upon Policies of A durance; for retaining upon the Exportation of White Calicos and TVlullins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with re-sped to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds, by Two former Acts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Convention, between His Majesty and the jeoft Christian King, concluded and ligned at he

27th of February 1765; and Translation: And also, Certificate of the Money paid int > the Receipt of H is Majesty’s Exchequer by Wiliam Lord Viscount 'ton, in Part of the Sum due from the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War.

And the Titles of the said Papers were reaft.

And the said Certificate was also read.

The said Copy is preserved anaongst the other Pa--pers of this Session; and the said Translatioa and Certificate are as followeth; viz.,

Translation of a Convention between His Majesty and the . moll Christian King, concluded and ligned at,

the 27th of February 1765,

CONVENTION. -The Courts of Great Britain and France having reciprocally delivered several States, or Accounts of Advances made by them, respectively, for the Subsistence and Maintenance of the Prisoners of War of each Nation, in Cpnformity to the Stipulations of the Third Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris, the Tenth, of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; and his mostChristian Majesty, to manifest his ftneere Delire to fulfil, with all possible good Faith and Exaftnels, the several Engagements, which he has entered into by the last Treaty, having, by his Ambassador, the Sieur Count de Guerchy, made Propositions, with a View to prevent the very intricate and difficult Difcuffioivs -which might protrait the final Adjustment of the Accounts delivered, and to he delivered, JHij>.'Britannic Majesty has thought fit to accept thereof, in the Manner proposed by the Count de Guercliy, in his Declaration of the Fifth of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, delivered by Order of his Court; In’ Consequence whereof, it has been pautually agreed between the Two Courts, to secure the Performance of

C .*

the said Agreement by a foletnn Act, reducing the Propositions, and the Acceptance of them, into the Form of* a Convention, to be concluded and ligned by dieir respective Ministers: For which Purpose, their said Mar jellies have appointed and authorized; viz. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, the Earl of , One of

His principal Secretaries of State, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, &c. and his most Christian Majesty, the Sieur Count de Guerchy, Knight of his Orders, Lieutenant General of his Armies, Colonel of his Regiment, and his Ambassador to His Britannic Majesty; who, alter having communicated their full Powers to each other, and having conferred together, have agreed to the fallowing Articles.

ART. I.

Whereas it has been represented on the Part of his most Christian Majesty, that, after the imperfect Examination, which it had, as yet, been possible to make of tire Account delivered by the Court of Great Britain, containing Demands for the Maintenance and Subsistence of the French Prisoners, comprised in the Account^., which amounts to the Sum of One million One hundred Seventy-four thousand Nine hundred and Five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine-pence Three Farthings Sterling, to the Eleventh Day of November One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-two, it appeared, that, besides the Sum of One hundred Six thousand Nine hundred Seventy-three Pounds and Five Shillings Three Pence Three Farthings Sterling, (after deducting that of Six thousand Four hundred Thirteen Pounds One Shilling Two-pence Sterling, charged under the Head of Extraordinary Expences incurred by his laid most Chril-tian Majesty) for the Subsistence and Maintenance of British Prisoners of War, according to the Account delivered by the Court of France, which Sum of One hundred Six thousand Nine hundred Seventy-three Pounds Five Shillings Three-pence Three Farthings Sterling, ought to be set against the said Demands of Great tain, the Sum of One hundred Twenty-one thousand Nine hundred Ninety Pounds One Shilling One Penny Sterling, charged under the Head of Extraordinary Expences in the said Account delivered by tire Court of Great Britain, could not be admitted, agreeably to the Terms, and within the Sente of the late Treaty; and that several other considerable Sums ought to be taken off*from what remains charged to France in the said British Account, and that the Adjustment of thotc Difficulties would be liable to very intricate Discussions, which, would be drawn into great Length: In order, therefore, to prevent those Difficulties and Delays, it is agreed, that his most Christian Majesty, conformably to the Proposal contained in the above-mentioned Declaration of his said Ambassador, llralI pay, and that His Britannic Majesty will accept the Sum of Six hundred and Seventy tlrou-sand Pounds Sterling, for the Discharge and total Extinction of all the Pretentions and Demands on the Part of Great Britain, for the Subsistence and Maintenance, and other Expences whatsoever incurred on Account of French Prisoners, contained and specified in the Account above-mentioned: It is moreover agreed. That his most Christian Majesty (Hall make the said Payment in the Manner, and at the Periods following, that is to lay. That his most Christian Majesty shall pay the Sum of One hundred Seventy-six thousand Pounds Sterling, immediately after the Signing of this present Convention; the Sum of One hundred Thirty-two thousand Pounds Sterling, in the Course of the present Year One thousand Seven hundred Sixty-five, in Four equal Payments, at the End of each Quarter; and the remaining Sum of Three hundred Sixty-two thousand Pounds Sterling, in Eight Payments of Forty-five thousand Two hundred Fifty Pounds Sterling, at the End of each Quarter, in the Course of the Two subsequent Years One thousand Seven hundred Sixty-six, and One thousand Seven hundred Sixty-fcyen; the Whole amounting together to the said Sum of Six hundred Seventy thousand Pounds Sterling, which Hull be remitted to Great Britain, without

any

﻿Militia.

5 Geo. III. 21" Martii. 297

any Delay, upon any Pretence whatsoever, at tho different Periods above mentioned, and according to the Course of Exchange whifch shall subsist between the Two Nations at the Times of making the said Remittances.

A R T. II.

It is agreed, and his most Christian Majesty expressly declares, That no Demands of the Court of Great Britain are comprised in the preceding Stipulation, except those which are contained and specified in the said Account of £. 1,174,905 19J. 9 Sterling, to the 1 sth November 1762, as it is above set forth.

ART. III.

His most Christian Majesty promises, and engages, that the Account for the Subsistente and Maintenance of French Prisoners of War, since the 11th of November 1 762, and the Accounts delivered, and to be delivered for the Subsidence and Maintenance of French Prisoners in the East Indies, shall be examined, liquidated and settled, and that the Balance of the said Account shall be paid as expeditiously as possible; and it is agreed, that, in all Events, the Payment of the said Balance shall not be delayed, on any Pretence whatsoever beyond the following Periods; that is to say, supposing the Balance of the said Accounts should not exceed the Sum of Four millions of Livres Tournois, it shall be paid, at farthest, in the Course of the Year 1768, in Four equal Payments; and in case it shall exceed that Sum, the Surplus shall bedif-charged in the same Manner, in the Course of 1769; it being understood, that the Demands on the Part of the Court of France, for the Subsistence and Maintenance of the British Prisoners in the East , and in the French

Colonies, which have not been delivered to the Court of Great Britain, shall be examined, liquidated and settled, and in like manner set off and balanced against the Two last Heads of Demands on the Part of the Court of Great Britain, as far as the Balance, which Avail be due thereon, shall amount,

ART. IV.

The present Convention shall be approved and ratified by His Britannic Majesty, and by his most Christian Majesty; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged at London within the Space of Three Weeks, or sooner? if it can be done, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing.

In* Witness whereof. We the under-written Ministers, Plenipotentiaries of His Britannic Majesty; and his most Christian Majesty, by virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present Convention, and caused the Seal of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at London the Twenty-seventh Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred Sixty-five.

(L. S.) Dunk Halifax. (L. S.) Guerchy.

Certificate of the Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by William Lord Viscount Barrington, in Part of the Sum due from the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War.

These are to certify, that the Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’sExchequer by the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Barrington, received by him of the French Ambassador, in Part of Six hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, due from the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War, amounts to the Sum of One hundred and Seventy-six thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 19th

Day of March 1765. Lincoln.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, tp he perused by the Members of the Hofufe.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of the several Counties in England and Wain, in which Von. 30.

the Militia has been.raised, pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the Second Year-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws bow in being, reluting to the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by l'uch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Refolded, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the common and general Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the said Court.

Mr. 8peaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynafiontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynafionreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fam*.

Ordered, That the Report be received uppft Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carnewall reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve- itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 3 ift Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain, failed England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lhi rfday Morning next,' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'to conGder further of the Supply granted (o His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hcwufe to refolye itself into a Committee of die whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplygrauted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, of any coarse printed Calicos, and other Gcpds, of the Pra-dust dr Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, which are prohibited to be worn and used in this Kingdom, from the life of Man.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

4 G Mr.

Adjourn-

ment.

Maftei’#

in

Chancery

Salaxie*.

British

FiQicry.

Tythe of Madder.

Supply.

Way# and Means*

298 22° — 25° 1765.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee. for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. . Esquire, in and elsewhere, in the County of

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of they had come to a Resolution; which they had himself and Robert Dolman,y\us Younger, his eldest Son, directed him to report, when the House will please to affecting the fame; and for making Provision for Robert receive the same. Dolman, the Younger, and for the younger Children of

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mon- Robert Dolman, the Elder; to which the Lords desire the day Mom ng next. Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was And then the Messengers withdrew, directed by the Committee to move, that they may

have Leave to lit again. Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfonhave Leave to make a

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Motion, it being near Five of the Clock, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole And he moved the House accordingly.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. before this House, an Account of the Bounty paid upon

British refined Sugar, exported for Four Years, ending The other Order of the Day being read; at ia(t; distinguishing each Year.

CUndestine Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Marriages. whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfen have Leave to make a in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Motion.

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the And he moved the House accordingly, better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and to en- That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

courage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in before this House, an Account of the gross Produce of Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of the Revenue of Customs, from Christmas 1760, to drift-Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which mas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and what has arilen have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of in the Port of London, and what in the Out Ports recertain Marriages solemnized since the making the said spedlively.

Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preferring the Efidence of Pedigrees; was committed; be re- And then the House adjourned till Monday

ceived upon Alonday Morning next. Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Allhallowt on the Wall Church. (London)

Newton

lndofure.

Fenton

lndofure.

Hurst Green, See. Road.

Welling-

borough

lndofure.

Townsend’*

Nat.

Hem pel’s Nat.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill/intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Fenton, in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and a certain free Common, called the Eafi Moor, in the lame, Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Green,

in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Bur-

w'afh, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwafh, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the College of Irtlingborough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Townsend, Wife of James Townsend, Esquire; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janot, and Chrftopher John Schultz; with some Amendments;

to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

*4

Luna, 25* die

Anno 5* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1765. Prayers.

SI R William Beauchamp ProElor presented to the Hopfe, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 27 th Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair,' a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Delaval reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except George Carr and Mary Dawson, whose Estates within the said Manor are of the annual Value of £. 7 5, who refused to lign the Bill; and except Eleanor Carr, who said, the was an old Woman, and did not care about the lndofure; John Hearing, who said it was not his Interest to divide; George Davison, who would give no poll live Answer; and William Fenwick, who laid, he was very indifferent about the lndofure; whose Estates together, within the said Manor, are of the Anhual Value of £. 82; and also, except Nine other Persons, whose Estates together within the said Manor, are of the annual Value of . 437 who refused to flgn the Bill; but laid, they would not oppose the fame; and that the Whole of the Estates within the said Manor are of the Yearly Value of £. 2,940 ior.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read

Dolman*

Estate.

Account; Bounty on Sugar.

Account)

Custom&r

Ratcliff Highway and Shad well Roads.

Bulbcck

laclolure.

Wagner's

Nat.

Fowler's

Estate.

Chapel on the Heath Road.

Walsingham

Jacloiure.

Snifter fie Id Inclosure.

5 Geo. III. 25 0 Martii.299

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with^ the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read. 1

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Shijfner presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Paul

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Fanny Fowler, Spinster, a Minor, to convey, assign, and settle, her real and personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke, Bridges, Baronet, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved’, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. A.lilies, Lord George , Mr. Afon-

tagu, Mr. Cholm ley. Sir Thomas , Mr. Mr.

Wynne; Sir James DafhwoodMr. , Mr. Onslow,

Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lovett, Sir Charles daimt, Mr. Penton, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Pennant, Mr.

Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Bagot -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Sussex, and dlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of cester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers, fot repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Rufhout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snitr field, otherwise Snitterfield, in the Counry of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Coventry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bijl for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Twywell, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Ttvywell, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Alontagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Drax, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Onslow, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Rufhout, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Wtlb Bootle, Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bacon, Mr. De Grey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cocks, Sir Henry Bridgman, Mr. ATeynell, Mr. Crefwell, Lord Cathcrlough, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr, son. Sir Hugh Da/rymp/e, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cufl, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pratt, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Forrester, Sir John Gibbons, Mr.

Mr. Hewett, Lord Grey, Mr. Milles, Mr. Sir

Walter Bagot, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pennant, Lord Middleton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr, Pitt, Mr.; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Northampton, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of Walsingham, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Mr.

Lascelles, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Grey, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Onslow, Lord Grey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Coventry, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Archer, Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Kynaston, Nix.Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Befl, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Townshend-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wiflmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snifield, 'otherwise Snitterfield, in the county of ,

was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, obliging Persons to keep down the Interest of Money borrowed for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Vot. 30.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of Kirkhamerton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Kirkhamerton, in the Parish of Kirkhamerton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle-under-Line, to Hafi'of; and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near;

and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike at Shelton, in the County of Stafford-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and hfe read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing’ that no Turnpike shall be erected between and

Moneyafh.

And

Twywell

Inclosure*

Grantham

Roads.

Kirfchamtr-. ton Inclosure.

Newcastle-

under-Lioe

Road.

ftnrfs

Exchange.

Lcnchwich and -Norton inclosure.

Emload

Inclosure.

jDoIman’i

fiftate.

300

250 Martii.

j. 1765.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Road shall not be carried over Bake-well Common.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that no Materials for repairing the Road shall be taken from off BakewtU Common.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the BiH, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and ellablidling an Agreement between the Master, Brethren, and Sifters, of the Hospital of the Lord Raftings of Loughborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn, Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premises in Stoke Poges aforesaid, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr.

nafton, Mr. Coventry, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fane, Mr. West. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Cather-

lough, Mr. Tucker, Mr. fVhitworth, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Warwick

Bampfylde, Mr. flolt, Mr- Gilbert, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Richard Philips, Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Chyles Mor daunt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Armine WodehoSir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Brownlow Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Oxford, Bedford,

ampton, and Wilts: 'And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lench-wich and Norton, and the Borough of in the County of Wercester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchwich, and Norton, and the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeszvell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himselfand Robert Dolman, the Younger, his eideft Son,

affecting the fame; and fox making Provision {ox Robert Dolman ,the Younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman, the Elder; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tet bury, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tracey, Mr. Ctift, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Coleraine, Mr. K Mr. De Grey, l^ord Charles Spencer, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Charles 'Kemys Tynt$, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Bur-

dett, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Mr.

H/ewett, Mr. Oswald, Sir Brook , Mr. Tozvnjhcnd,

Mr. Sandys, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Pratt, Sir Richard Philipps, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr.

Pennant-, and all the Memberswho serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerftft, Wilts, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establifTung an Exchange agreed to be made between Thomas Holies, Duke of and

Margaret Cavendiftte, Duchess Dowager of Portland, of several Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of

Nottingham-, and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Liles, as the Lands for which the same are exchanged flood settled; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. West, Sir George Mr’. Mr.

White, Lord Grey, Mr. Pelham, Mr. , Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Citft, Sir Alexander

Grant, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Dr ax. General Conway, Mr. Rrvdene/l, Mr. Ward, Lord George Mr. Mon-

tagu, Mr. Dempster, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fitn-herbert, Mr, Vansittart, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Barnngton, Mr.

Mr. Pyker, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robiu-son. Lord Middleton, Mr. Tuc; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swacliffe, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cust, Colonel Bane, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. zon. Lord Middleton, Nix. Fitzherbert, Mr. Lord

George Sackville, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dempster, Lord Grey, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. White, Me. Bertie, Nix. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Bucks, Gloucester, Wills,

and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maiftftone, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Mcddftone; and from Watt's Cross to Cow-den; in the County, of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Holt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Sufolft-, was committed. That the Committee had examined

Tethiirf

Church.

Duke of Neu’ca(i s Eliaie.

ShurfnrJ

Indofm.

Tonbridge

and

Maklltone

Hoad.

Loc* and Wilford Poor.

s Geo. III. i5° Martii. 301

mined the Allegations of* the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that ihe Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 ioufe.

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Tay . A Bill for the building a Bridge over the River 7 B'wijje. a£ or ne;lr t[lc Town Gf Perth, in the County of , was read- a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr,

General Gramc, Colonel Bane, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Curzon, Lord Nor/,h, Mr. Kyndfion, Mr. Whately, Sir Char let Mor daunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hunter, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Waller, Sir George Mr.

Henniker, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Holt, Mr.

Grey, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Tozvttjhend, Mr. Yorke,

Lord Cntherlough, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Robert -deft, Mr. Harris, Sir JarfSmith, Sir John Del aval. Sir Alexander Gilmour-, and all the Members who lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Aoxborrttigh Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Commis-J*c!ofore- tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was re-Committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards1 delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Harrfhom Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, lndofuie. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartjhotn, in the County of Derby, was comfnitted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mr. Hazard, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, as his' Lands Were already inclosed; and also except a Trustee for certain Infants, who are entitled to a Common Right on the Commons, who could not be found; and that no Person appeared-before-the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bretferton Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretferton, in lnctofure. the County of Worcejlet, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, obliging Persons to keep down the Interest of Money borrowed for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to ' by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: < And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretferton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, that their Answer Addresses of ‘thurfday. and Friday last, that His Majesty to would lie graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate*, Estimates and Lift therein mentioned might be laid be- &c. fore this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint, this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,. Account; Account of the Quantities of Coffee imported into Grea$f'

Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence import- ' ed, and the Amount of the Duties thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-. Ditto, count of the Quantities of Coffee exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distin-guishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties repaid on Exportation.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ditto, count of the (Quantities of Coffee, for which the Duties of Excise have been paid, in Great Britain, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties.

‘ Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the' Exceedings of the several Sums Account; provided by Parliament for sundry Services; also of the Exceeding* Monies that have been paid into the Hands of the Pay- of Su mailer General, by Contractors and others, to the 23d g"^ittin March 1765; together with what Part thereof has been Service*, laid before Parliament, and in Aid of what Services it was applied, and what remains to be applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

4 H A

302

250 Maria. A. 17^5.

An ACCOUNT of the Exceedings of the several Sums provided by Parliament for the under-mentioned Services; also of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands of the Paymaster General, by Contractors and others to the 23d March 1765; together with what Part thereof has been laid before Parliament, and in Aid of what Services it was applied, and what remains to be applied.

Received of John Ingram, Esquire, Executor to the late Mr. Winnsngton, Paymaster General, the-Balance of his final Account - -

Received of Sir William Baker, Christypher Kel^nd Richard Baker, on their Contract,

for iupplying the Forces' in North America.with Provisions - -Received* or Ditto, for Provisions to be paid for by them to the Public - -Received of Messrs. Pye, Rich, and Wilkittfim^ Bills for so much remaining in Hand, and due from them to the Public -

Received of M^flrs. Walpole and Meth/h, for the Balance due on their Account of Remittances for extraordinary Services in Germany - -

Received of Messrs- Magens and Amy and, for Ditto -RCceived of Mcftfs. Cttft and Toucher, for Ditto - -

Received of Governor Pawn At, for the Balance of an Account of the Sale of the Stores in Germany - - - - -'

Received of Mr. Aaron Tozer, for Ditto in Ditto -

Received of Mr. William Godfrey, the Balance due from him. as Commissary of Wood, Coals, and Sittaw, in the Ybjus 17 56 and 1757 -

Received of Mr. Wtirde, on account of Com sold at Lisbon

Received of Colonel Mactellar, on account of Stores delivered to him by the French

Comm'rffaries at the Cefllon of the Island of Minorca ....

Received of Mr. Young, on account of the Monies impressed to him for the Hospitals in Belleijle and Portugal1 ——

Received of- Mr/ Gierge Gander, for so much arising by the Sale of Medicines Received of Mil Bryan, being a Restitution made at the Desire of a Person in Flanders, who desires his Name may.be kept secret -

Received of Ditto, being a Restitution made at the Desire of a Person in , who

desires his Name may be kept secret ——

Received of the Agents of several Regiments, o^. account of the Subsistence of Non-efieftives -; - -

Received of the Troops in Portugal for Bread - -

Unappropriated. Offreckonings . - . -

Respited Pay df‘ Regulars and Militia > . - -

SaviBgSon RegulaTs and Militia -

Stopped for victualling the Troops . r -

Whereof has been applied; <

Voted in Aid *df 'Extraordinariies, lndnrred 1763 Voted in Aid of Supplies, 1764 - -

Remains to be applied,

,177 ' 8

72.000 — —

4,407 8 (

35,560 1 10

1,094 14 10

15.737 5 9,130 16 4

1 10 6

694 4 5

23 12 —

10.000 — —

220 9 6

2,666 i-8 —

2,049 1.0 —

102 — -

129 10 —

78,855 11 —

5A99 13 3* 10,946191* 193,678 8 9

96,231. 8 3

16,133 19 7

560,142 7 4h!

137.496 2 I /

170,906 2 8; 308,402 4 9

m m j 25,1,74# 2 7t

Pay-Office, Horse Guards, 13d March t 765.

Holland.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houfr.

Estimate; Re/o/ved, That an humble Address be presented to Bo"»iyto His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an P ’ Estimate of the annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Thirty Chaplains, who have served on board His Majesty’s Ships for the space of Four Tears, during the late Wat *6 -

with France and Spain-, viz. Fifteen at Two Sillings and Sixpence per Day. and Fifteen at Two Shillings per Day.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition

Eank of Eugl.nd*

British

fishery.

GftO. lit. 2 50 Mar til. ^0

A Petition of the f.ord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was rea"d; Setting forth. That, hv an Act, made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for widening certain Streets, lanes, and Paffilges, within the City of London arid Liberties thereof, and opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same, the House at the West End of the Buildings situatt between Cornhtlland Street, and of-poftte to the South End of Street, and also the

Houses on the South Side of Threadneedle Street, extending from the House before mentioned, Eastward, to that Part of the Street which is opposite to the Gates, are particularly described, and directed to be pulled down; and that the Petitioners coheeive, the Intent of the Legislature, in directing the said Houses' to be pulled down, was to render th(e Approach to the Bank, through Threadneedle Street, more commodious; and alleging, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have applied to the Petitioners, and offered to take upon them (elves the Expence of carrying the said Act info execution, as far as respects the Premises above-mentioned; and that the Petitioners are desirous to accept the said Offer of the said Governor and Company; and, upon their advancing the Purchase Money as is directed by the said Act, together with the necessary Expences of carrying the said Act info execution, in that behalf, to order, direct* and appoint, that the before-mentioned Houses shall be conveyed to the said Governor and Company, for the Purpose in the said Act mentioned; but that certain Doubts have arisen whether the Schedules annexed to the said Act are well and suffic'rently referred to by the said Act, and whether the Houses aforesaid are lufli-ciently and properly described in the Second Schedule annexed to the said Act; the same being the re de-icribed to be in the Ward of Broad S/ra?/,-whereas the fkme arc id the Ward of Cornhtll, although there is no Doubt which are the Houses intended by. the said Act; and, letting forth, that the Petitioners have observed by the Votes, that a Bill is, depending for, veiling the Rectory House of the Parish Church of-Saint Christophers in the said Governor and Company; that the Petitioners are informed, that the said Bill has been, brought into the House, for the Purpose of widening the Approach and Avenues to the said capital Edifice of the Bank, as well as for the Improvement p£ the Advowson of the said Rectory; and that the said Governor and Company have consented to the Exchange provided for in the said Bill, for the Sake: of improving the said Approach and Avenues: Arid therefore praying* that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for obviatulg the said Doubts, by such Clause as to the House- shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of ,a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Andit is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Ptfter^ Jon, Lord Warkvoorth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Onslow, Sir George Savile, Mr. Holt, Mr. Ward, Sir Jarrii Smith, M

ker, Mr. Champion,' Sir Alexander 'Grant, Mr. fackfon, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Colera, Mr Mr.

Founereau, Sir Edmund Ifliam, Mr. Burton, Mr. Aldermao

Bedford, Lord Gather lough, Mr. Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Francis Vincent, Me. Tow Mr. Lord

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Mr Mr.

Mr. Shiffner-, and all the Members who lerve for the

City of London; and for the Counties of x, Essex,

Surrey, Kent, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Undt Records.

Mr. Cornewall, according to Order, reported1 from Vox. 30.

the Committee of the whole House* to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery was referred, the lte-lblution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowance of Three Pounds per Centum pet Annum, and the Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton,

Santed by several Acts of Parliament to the Society of e British Fishery, shall be further continued for and

during the space of Four Years, from the Expiration of the Seventeen Years limited by the said Acts.

The' laid Resolutioti being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution; And that Mr. Cornewall, the Lord Or* well, Lord Frederick CatnpbeU, Sir (Valter Blacket, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare; and bring in, the fame*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr* Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing- the Open Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Lowdham, in the County of Nottingham; without arty Amendment: And aMo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term; arid alter and enlarge the Powers, of ail Act,- passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, fof repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Redd from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, nhd from thenee- tfe Soham -, and for building a Bridge cfofs the Rivfef Qi&e, at or near a- Place called Stridden Ferry', in- the - County of; and for

repairing and; widening arid making several other Roads adjoining to the Roads, -directed' to be repaired and widened by the said Aft3 without any Amendment: And alley

The Lords hate rtgrried to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening-the Roads leading from the Turnpike- Rforid at Kipping Croft, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley,- Hotfemohdin,- arid Goudhnrft, by the left

Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road’on Wilfley Gtfetif in the PaTifht o(Cranbrobke) arid front a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the-Parish of Maiden, to Stile1- Bridge, in the (Sid Parish; and from Underden Green, in Mar den afoifelkid, to tVanflmtts Green, in the County of Kent; without any Amend* ment.

And theh the Meflferigers withdrew*

The Houft being informed, that Mr. Parfotn, front the Gommil^oners of the Customs, attendediat the Door; he was called in; and, it the" Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Bounty paid upon refined

Sugar exported, for Four Years, ending at last;

dimnguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

Arid the Title of the said Account W&s read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said- Account is preferred amongst the other Papters ofthii Session.

A Petition of the retail Butchers within the City of Londonya.nd the Liberties thereof, whose Namecand-Hands are thereunto subscribed: Aid aHb,

A Petition of the retail or cutting Butchers within

the

LotWfcatt

Inclosure*

Cambridge

Road.

Kipping

Cross

Road.

Accounts) Sugar*

Butchers.

Ditto*.

Butchers.

Ditto.

304

25* Martii. A. 1765.

the City and Liberty of Wtjhnbtjler, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen , intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in field; and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the felling of Sheep and Graft Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another; and alleging, that the Trade of a tutting Butcher is carried on by many Persons who are no Judges of the Weight and Goodness of Cattle when alive; and repre-fenting to the House many Inconveniences and Hardships, which, the Petitioners allege, they' would beexposed to, if the said Bill should past into a Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Prfcmifes into Consideration; and that they may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and die Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petitions, if they think lit.

The, House was moved, that the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the Second Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the felling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another; upon Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do attend this

House, upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ireland do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Martin do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. George do attend this

House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Raro Cro do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Roberts do attend this Hoyfe, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Josiah Baxter do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Gladding do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Markham do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Haynes do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wildman do attend this I louse, at the same Time.

great F.xpences in procuring Slaughtering Houses and other Conveniences for that Purpose; but also be of great Detriment to the Inhabitants reading within the said City and Liberties, by increasing the Price of Provisions; and, instead of redrafting, will multiply the Grievances complained of by the Public: And, therefore praying the House, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Bill do past into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second 'lime; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Arconnt; His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Address Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, Monej* of all Sums of Money which have been ifllied, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House,. and which have not been made good by this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Counsel.

' Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to Tyne River. Whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields', and also, the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships employed in the Coal Trade of the Port of Scarborough, in the County of Yorkand also, the Petition of Richard Liddell; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships emptoyed in the Coal Trade of the Port of Whitby, in the County of York; and also, the Petition, of the Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Governor and Stewards and Brethren of the Fraternity of Hoftmen, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and also, the Petition of the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House, in Newcastle upon Tyne yand also, the' Petition’

of the Chairman and Commissioners of the River Wear,. and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, within the Limits set forth in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham; assembled at a Meeting, pursuant to the said Act, on Thursday the Fourteenth Day of February, in the Year of our Lord 1765; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Owners, and Mailers of Ships, belonging to the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Port of Sunderland, in the County of Durham; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Port of Sunderland; were referred; and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House; that the Committee had examined the Matters of all the said Petitions, except the Petition of Richard Liddell; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward^ delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-fation upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Slaughtering or Carcaft Butchers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, whose Names and Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read, Taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging, that, if the same pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive, it will not only be a great-Injury to the Petitioners, who have been at

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, riot exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the dommon and general Calli of the Bank of England, belonging

to

Matters

in

Chancery

Salaries,

Claims fefi*rting iKe late Go iron War.

Way* mi Means.

5 Geo. 111.

25* Marht.

it

'm

to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the 1 ftte-rest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Masters of the said Court; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Hi wife; and he read the Bqwrt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One "bv One; and, uf on the Question severally put there* upon, were agreed to by the House.

Rejilved, That the said Bill -be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/ohe.t, Thar this House will, upon Monday the *22d Day of April next, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BilL

Mr. Chancellor of the Excliequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament,

N° 4. Abstraift of Reports made by the Commissioners appointed, by His Majesty, for examining and Hating untatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, on so much of the said Claims and Demands as have been liquidated since the last Session of Parliar ment \

Together with Copies of the said Reports, and a Schedule thereof.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command*.

General State of the Abstracts N‘‘! 1, a, 3, of the Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, to examine and Hate the unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, presented to the House of Commons in last Session of Parliament, and of the Abstract N® 4, of the Reports of the said Commissioners now presented: And also,

An Account of the Expenditure of Part of the /. 50o,o-'0 voted, upon Account, towards discharging such unsatisfied Claims and Demands, lor Expences incurred during the late War in , as appeared to

be due by the Reports of the Commissioners for, examining and Hating those Claims and Demands: And also.

An Account of such Part of the Claims allowed to be due in Abstracts, N"* 1, 2, and 3, and for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, and laid before the House of Commons, in the last Session of Parliament, as has not yet been discharged.

And the Titles of the said Abstracts, Accounts, and State, were read.

And the said Schedule was also read.

Ordered, That the said Abstracts, Accounts, and State, do Re upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstradh, Accounts, and State, are pre-served amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, rJ'hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Authority be given to permit the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, under proper Limitations and Reftp&iotis, of any egarfe printed Cajlicos, and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Vox.. £0.

Cape bfGood hope, which are prohibited to be worn and uled in this Kingdom^ and whichwert brought into the said Isle before the Fifft Day of March 176 <, upon Payment of, One Half of the Old Subsidy only for fubh Goods.

The said Resolution, being read a Second TimA was, upon the Question-nut thereupon, agreed tb by the House. j

Ordered, That it be an Infttudion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed CallicQs, and other Goods, of the Product of Manufe^ure of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better'Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for disconthitiifig the Bbunty payable iff Great Britain, And all Bounties and Allowances Upon the Exportation of Cdrn, Grain, Malt, Meal, ami Flour, froth thence to the Isle of Man-, is committed; that they have Power so make Pfovision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Ordet of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and 1 of several East India Goods, and upon Policies of Assurance; for retaining upon the Exportation of White Callicos and Mullins, a further Part of, the Duties paid on the Importation theteof; and for obviating a Doubt with, re-lpeft to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds, by Two former Acts; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said. Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill.be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BHl. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, Ihowing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1764 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 21st Day of March 1765, and the Parts remaining unfetis-fied, with the Deficiency! thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Protocol, 21st March 1764," and Translation, which were presented to the House upon the 2 8 tb of Flareh last, -be referred to the said Committee. v

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from thp 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June be referred

to the said Committee. . '

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish-ment of His Majesty’s Province of Florida, an^ other incidental Expences attending the lamer, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of Che Civil Efta^>li(h> ment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, dnd other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the ExpenCe attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1765, be referred to the laia Committee.

41

Sapply Bill; Duties on Coal*, ftc.

Supply.

North Britain Bank Notes.

Braithwell

Jodoforo.

306

25*; — 2 6°Martii.

4- 17*55-

Ordered Th?t the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and fopporting the Civil Establi foment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scofor the Year 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of fondry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova , in the Years ‘*750, 1751, 17^2, 1762, 1763, and not provided for 'by Parliament, as far as the Accounts of such Services have hitherto been brought in and examined,'be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.Patarfot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pater Jon reported from the Committee, That they Ji?d.: come to feviral Reldutions j which they had di-'rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. PaterJbnnlCo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move* that they may have Leave to fit again.

! . Reftlvtft, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve ijfflf into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Tire House, according jto Order, resolved itself into .« Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fix re-relating the Currency and due Payment of Notes, issued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gibnour took {he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

AjkI Notke being taken that 40 Members were not mefent, {he House was told by Mr. Speaker; end 40 Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Qufftion first put) till Tomorrow Morning, inline of the Clock.

Mart is, 26 (lit \

Anno . 5* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

- -PaATEta.

BENEDICT Paul Wagner took the Oaths appoint? «d, in order to his Naturalisation.

A BUI for, dividing and inclosing certain Common fields and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Braithwell, tn the County of York, was read a Second T‘me-

RffoJvfd.ThfX the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-selles, Mr. yholnUy, Sir Jarrit , Mr. Mr,

©ft Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. De

Grey, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Willoughby, Sir John Hynde Cotton Mr. Tracey, Mr. Whitworth, Sir

Joint G/yftf, Mr. Rrgfcot, Mr. Bice, Sir George Mr* Ifatoett, Mr. Byde, Sir George Montgomery Metham,

Mr. Fomurea^ Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mr,

fbienfifnd] Mr. Jennings, Sir George Savile; and all the Memoerswho serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster Pjmkm, Northumberland, Cumberland, and

Nottingham :And they are to meet this Afternoon, a{ five of the Qlpck, in die Speaker’s Chamber,

Sir Charles Mar daunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Grimston,‘mdie County of LeiceJUr: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be aead a Second Time,

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Brigg Price, Eiqlfire, anti fiis Issue, to tafcfc and use the Surname of Fountaineand to bear the Arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine, Knight, deceased,- was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of t-he Committee; and that thp Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bifowas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. De.Grey do carry the BilLto the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Efjord, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hoivr ard, Mr. Jennings, Sir, George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Byde, My. Lascelles, fur Charles Kemys Tynte,. Mr. Tracy, Mr. Irilloughby, General Hozvard, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Way, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Henniker, Sir Charier Mordaunt, Mr. Rice, Mr. Fuller, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Mostyn, Mr,

Fairfax, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Blackstone, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Mahon Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malt on, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was read a. Second Time,.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.. Cholno\ ley, Mr. Finch, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Byde, Mr. Laf* cedes. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Way, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Willoughby, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cust, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Blaclftone, 'Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robinson^ Mr. Howard, Mr. Tracy, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of York, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty* for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and through the Towns of Shipttn Mallet and Ivtlchester., in the County of So-merfet, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free? holders, living in and near the said Town of Shipton Mallot, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of foe said Petition; and bad di-fefted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th? feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

T*

Grimston

Udosure.

Price's

NaiiiC.

Elford

Inclosui^e

Maltoa

to

Pickering

Road

Shipton

M»ll*c

5 Geo. III. 26° Marfii.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Treasurer’s Account was produced to your Committee, thereby it appeared, that the said Trustees had borrowed Six thousena Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls, which now remain^-duc; and,

John Hippejley Cox, El'quire, said, That it would be impossible to pay the said Money during the subsisting Term, and to keep the Roads in Repair; and that the said Act had been found defective in lonie Particulars.

William Rodbard, Esquire, being examined, said, That he had lately taken a View of the Road to and through Shipton Mallet, to the Parish of Leighton, and also the Road from Shipton Mallet to Long Croft Bottom, which are Very ruinous, in many Parts extremely narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary couric of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act. passed in the Twenty-sixth Year <3" his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shipton Mallet and in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shipton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shipton Mallet to Long Croft Bottom: ’And that Sir Charles Tynte and Sir Jarrit Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r^e» Mr, John Pitt reported . from the Committee, td whom the Rill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike. Road lea^ing from the Town and County of Poole, to Win Msnfier, in the County of Porfet, to Bratton Cornein the County of Somerset', was committed. That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme *0 be true; and that the Committee had gone through $e Bill, and niade several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’* Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-vtpon, wets agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ratnfgat* An ingrossed Bill to enlarge certain Powers granted by go Act, passed in the a 2d Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of ;and for cleans-

ipg, amending, and preserving the Haven, of Sandwich: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, pelTed in the 2 id Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging ana maintaining the Harbour of Kamfgate; and for cleaning, amending, arid preserving the Haven of Sandwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker do carry the Bill to the/Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Stump Cr»ft An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of several Cambridge Acts, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to New-ftoad« market Heath,» and the Town of Cambridge, and from

Fottlmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining the reto} so for a* tile same relate totbe Road from Fouhn'tre to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto; was read the Third Tima

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambrid; and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto; so far as the feme relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto.

: Y»c 30.

Ordered, That Sir John Hyud Cotton do carry the BHl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fitzmaurice reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an Eftale, called Woodlands, in the County of Wilts, belonging to the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars of the College, caNed Clare Hall, in the University of Cambridge, in William Earl of Shelburne, arid his Heirs, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That ihe Bill do pals. '

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzmaurice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

' > t

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and.meloling several Open Fields, Meadows, arid Commons, within the Lord ship or Liberty of Wilfard, in the County of Nottingham,

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations'of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee; except Mn John Smith, who is possessed of 40 Acres of Land intended to be indofed, whose Reafoti for hot signing the Bill was, because he had not the naming of a CommMloner and Surveyor; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 1,100 Acres; and that nO. Person appeared before the Committee to ©ppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him t<j report to the House; and he read the Report in h» Place; and afterwords delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table; Where4htf Amendments were Once read throughout t and then Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and in

to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Hiding of the County of York, was read the Third Time-.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

P. 38. 1.18. To leave out than One Day's,

" Work."

54. 1. ao. To leave out " Three" and insert " Six " instead thereof

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refihed, That the Kll do pafi; And that the Title

be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horset, in to the

Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcelies do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces of Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Dvneafter and Cantfey, and for draining and preserving the said

Lands, and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the {event Parishes of Rqffingttn and Wadworth, in the

West

Lord She. bum's Eih*tc.

Wliford Judo fore.

Birftatf

to

Huddersfield

Road*

Doocefcr

Indofere*

Sebratam

Inclosure*

Soutfiwark

to

Dartford

Hoads.

Wrotham

to

Godstone

Road.

308

26° Ma

A:

West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of and Cant-

ley, and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the several Parishes of Roffington and in the West

Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming the Allotments of, and for in-jclosing the Common, and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sebroham, otherwise in

the County of Cumberland, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once lead throughout and then a Seoond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put' thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Veter Burrell reported frdm the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend several A As, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads front the Stouts End in Kent Street, and Ber Street,

to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Ltwif-ham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent: and for extending the said Act to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to the End of flromley Common, next Farnborough, and to the Stones End, in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee-, and for making,

an Allowance, out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the 2 2d Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of St. John, Southwa, to and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Com-, tnittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to: report to the House; and he read the Repqrt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of tfiem was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ah ingrafted Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to , in the County of

Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, its the County -off. Kent* to the Turn-.

pike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

v

Mr. liice reported from the Committee, to whom the Carmnrtheft- Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, Road*-several Roads leading from Kidwely, in the County of Carmarthen-, and also several Roads leading from Llan* dilo, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee ha<l gone through the Bill, and made fevetal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tab'e: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Bridge at the East End of Banbury, in the Cotihty of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottefbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in *the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time. ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Whately, Sir George songe, Mr. Hewett, Mr. LdfJ celles, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, - Mr. Dyfonf Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. 'Lord Coleraine, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Mr. Prefect, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir John Delaval, Mr.’ Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr, Ryder] Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Rice, Mr . BMr. Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Fannertau, Mr. Burrell-,- and all the' Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, War- wick, Gloucester, Leicester, and And they*

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Meltage from the Lords, by Mr. Graves, and-' Mr. Peeked: . ,:

Mr.Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold, in Balby,-in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment 1 And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ederker, in the Parish of tingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of in the East Hiding of the County of York, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds in Brantingham and Thorpe Brantingham, in the Parish of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Christopher; Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates, in the same County, -in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First-Time

Resolved, That the Bill be fea4 a Second Time.

Hie

Banburr. Road«

Pinfold*

&c.

Road.

EUcrker

Inclosure.

BentOp

Inclosure.

Brantingham

Inclosure.

Crowe*#

Estates.

5 Geo. III. 26° Mar Hi.

309

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. from

Customs. (the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, preferited to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross Produce of the Revenue of Customs, from Christmas 1760, to Christmas 1764; dif-

tinguishing each Year; and what has arisen in the Port of London, and what in the Out Ports respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Seluon.

Keyberry An ingrossld Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at , and from

Road. the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of , in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2i, 1. 20. To leave out " been."

1. 22. To leave out "pay," and insert "paid’’ instead thereof.

25.1. 24. To leave out "Trustees."

39.1. 32. To leave out "and," and insert " that"

instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from . Keyberry Bridge to the Railage at Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of , in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-md Means, ing relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the uPPf' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-reded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-nine thousand Six hundred and Sixty Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1^64.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be

?ranted to His Majesty, on Account, towards assisting lis Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour in Money to _ the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJ'el, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, , That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Eleven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year

1765*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of sundry Expences for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Years 17 50, 1751, 1752, 1762, and 1763, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 30.

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil' Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1764, to the 24th of June 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and One Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards building a Lazaret.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Thai this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the several Accounts and Estimates, which have been presented to this House, in this or any former Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, were referred; and who were to consider of the present State of that Hospital, and of the most proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children who have been received into the said Hospital; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the present State of the said Hospital; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appears from the several Accounts and Estimates laid beforeyour Committee, That the Number of Children belonging to the Foundling Hospital, and maintained at the Expence of the Public, on the 31 ft of December 1764, were 4,911, of which there were under the Age of Six Years 1,594, of the Age of Six Years 1,414, of the Age of Seven Years 1,268, of the Age of Eight Years 472, and above that Age 163; of which Children of the Age of Six Years and upwards 1,612 were under the Care of several Inspectors in the Country, and the remaining 1,705 of that Age were lodged and maintained in the several Foundling Hospitals of London, Ackworth, bury, Aylesbury, Westerham, Chester, and Barnet. It further appears, that of the above Number of 1,612 Children under the Care of Inspectors, there are but 46 whose

4 K. Age

Altering Times of Payment of certain Annuities.

Foundling

Hospital.

3io 260 Martii.

Age exceeds Seven Years; and of the whole Number of 1,776 Children, of different Ages in all the Hospitals, there are but 71 under the Age of Six Years; and it appears, that the Sum earned for the last Year by 407 Children in the Hospital at amounts to the net

Sum of £. no 135. 10 d.and the Sum earned by 568

Children in the Ackworth Hospital, for the same Time,

amounts to the net Sum of £.267 35. n besides their Labour in assisting in making and repairing their own Clothes, the Value of which cannot be ascertained; and that no Return has been made from the Hospital at Shrewsbury; and that nothing has been earned in the several other Hospitals.

And it further appeared to your Committee, That the whole Number of Children placed out in the last Year, amounts to 89, of which only 22 have been under the Age of Ten Years; and that Several have been kept in the said Hospitals till the Ages of 14, 15, or 16 Years.

And it further appeared to your Committee, That from the Year 1756 (at which Time Parliament first granted Money to the Hospital for receiving Children) ro the Year 1760, the Expences of purchasing, building, and furnishing the said Hospitals, have been as follows; viz. at London £. 2,044 15*. 5 at , £. 11,071

i8j. 7 d.at Shrewsbury, £. 3,893 i8r. id. at Aylesbury,

/. 684 is.6</.; and from 1760 (when Parliament re-

vived, That no more Children should be taken in at the Expence of the Public) to 1,764, the like Expences have amounted at the London Hospital, to 2,291 OJ- at the Ackworth Hospital, to £. 8,340 n 1 id. at the Shrewsbury Hospital, to £. 11,078 ir. id. and at the Aylesbury Hospital, to £. iO£ 9*. 6

Whereupon your Committee came to the following Resolufions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lodging and educating of Foundling Children within Hospitals has a tendency to make such Children less fit for laborious and useful Employments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the said Children, as are of the Age of Seven Years, or upwards, ought to be forthwith placed out as Apprentices to Husbandry, Manufactures, or to the Sea or other Service; and that the rest of them ought to be placed out in like manner, as soon as they shall attain that Age, or earlier, if proper Matters can be provided for them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Governors and Guardians of the said several Hospitals, and also the said Inspectors in the Country, under the Direction of the said Governors and Guardians, be empowered, with all convenient speed, to place out the said Children to proper Matters or Mistresses.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there may be allowed to every Master or Mistreft, who shall take any such Apprentice upon the Terms hereafter mentioned, a Sum of Money at the Discretion of such Governors and Guardians, having regard to the Age, Sex, and Ability of each Child, not less than Five, and not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be paid at such Time or Times as shall be agreed upon between the Governors and Guardians, and the Master, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Child should be bound longer than until his or her Age of 21 Years; and that the Master or Mistress should be obliged, by proper Covenants, to find and afford the Child all necessary Clothes, Provisions, and Instructions during the Term.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Lands and Buildings purchased, erected, rented or hired, and the Stock and Furniture provided at all or any of the said Hospitals, except that at,

ought to be sold or disposed of to the best Advantage, as soon as the Children in the said Hospitals can be placed out; and that the Money arising therefrom be applied in such manner as Parliament shall direct, for the Benefit of the said Charity.

*5

The said Resolutions being (everally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion being made, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the B iliffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain-, and the several other Petitions relating to Silk; were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually fopplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great , and all

Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes, issued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Silk

Mauufaflore.

Ifleof Man*

Acts relating to

Highways.

North Britain Bank Notes.

5 Geo. III. 270 MartiL 311

Mercuriit 2 y° die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii III"* Regis, 1765.

Praters.

Tetford A JR- Sibthorpe reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. J.VJL the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Five Persons, whole Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed, is of the Yearly Value of^.37, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and, that the "Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, is of the Annual Value of£.326 ior.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bulbrck Mr. Delaval reported from the Committee, to whom Iodofure. the Bill for dividing and indoling a certain Common Moor, or Trail of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland, was re-committed: That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest Were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Keelby Lord Brownlcw Bertie reported from the Committee, Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Keelby and Stallingbourgh, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, who is possessed

of Ten Oxgangs of Land in the said Fields, who is a Minor, and has no Guardian; but his Friends approve of the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Vol. 30.

to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Barton WaterJide House, to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and several other Roads, in the county of ,

therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring. That no Toll Bar shall be erected till a certain Sum be subscribed for putting the Ad in execution.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing. That no more than Two Tolls shall be taken between Brig and Cafter,

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kefleven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, is committed.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lond, in Common Council assembled, was referred, That the Commi t tee had exami ned the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty was read; whereby it appears that the Petitioners are impowered to pull down the Houses described in the Schedule thereto annexed to be situated in the Ward, of Broad Street.

And Mr. John Smith, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Premises above mentioned are in the Ward of Cornhill. Then,

Mr. Peter Roberts, being examined, said, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have applied to the Common Council of the City of London, and have offered to take upon themselves the Expence of carrying the afore-mentioned Act into execution, as far as respects the said Premises, which Offer the Petitioners are desirous to accept, if authorized lo to do.

And he further said. That Doubts have arisen, whether the Schedules annexed to the said Act are properly referred to by the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu thereof, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for veiling certain Houses, situate in the Ward of Cornhill, in the City of London, directed to be pulled down, by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of his late

Majesty’s

Barton

Waterfitfe

House,

tec.

Road.

Bourne

Drainage.

Bank of England

Spratton

Inclosure.

Tickhill

Inclosure-

Appleton

and

Lymm

Inclosure.

312 2 70 Mar Hi. A. >765-

Majesty’s Reign, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of and for other Purposes therein mentioned, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen, in respect to the Schedules referred to, in and by the said Act, and thereto annexed, so far as the uid Schedule relates to the said Houses.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and l iberties of Spratton in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Ciauie was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, obliging Persons to keep down the Interest of Money borrowed for the Purposes of the Ad.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow's, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Scarborough, Lessee under the Crown of the Honour of being

Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, and in his own Right, and by virtue of the said Ler.fe, the moil considerable Proprietor of Common-Right Farms or Tenements in Tickhill, and the Parish of Tickhill aforesaid; and the humble Petition of John White, and Thomas Toefield ', Esquires, and of the Reverend John Elam, Clerk, Vicar of Tickhill aforesaid, and others, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, being Freeholders, and Owners of Common-Right Farms and Tenements, in Tickhill, and the said Parish of Tickhill, in behalf of themselves and the Residue of the Commoners of the said Township and Parish; which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

The Lord Strange, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett and Lord Robert Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the County of was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25. 1. 11. After " respectively," to insert " faveas " aforesaid, who are hereby directed to " indole."

Pr. 27. 1. 38. After " Persons," to insert " and allb " that any such Person or Persons."

Pr. 33. 1. 21. After "Mortgagees," to insert "Assignee " or Assignees."

Pr. 35. 1. 2. After " Meeting" to insert " of the said " Commissioners."

Pr. 38. 1. 4. After " Quarries," to insert " and to " take, use, and enjoy, not only convenient Places for the landing and " laying down all the said Mines, " Minerals and Quarries."

Pr. 42.1. 25. After " Grounds," to insert " and their " Right to the Soil of such Pareels of the Common or Waste " Grounds."

Pr. 43.1. 35. After " Successors," to insert " and to " all other Persons, Bodies Politic " and Corporate, their Heirs and " Successors."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Eill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Appleton and , in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Charles Spencer reported to the House, That their Addresses of Monday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and for the Application thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Shiffner presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Manufactures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the said Kingdom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in the Gaol of the County of Suffolk, in behalf of themselves, and a great Number of other poor Prisoners for Debt, in the several Gaols within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Answer to Adtireis for Account-

Agents

for

Prize Money*

Importation

of

Wool-

Distressed

Debtors-

Altering Times of Paynent of certain Annuities*

Supply.

5 Geo. III. 27° Martii. y

313

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterfonreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of January 1765, being Old Day, with the Annual Interest or other Charges payable for the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exccedings of the several Sums, provided by Parliament for sundry Services; also, of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands of the Pay mailer General by Contractors and others, to the 23d of March 1765, together with what Part thereof has been laid before Parliament, and in Aid of what Services it was applied, and what remains to be applied, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, concluded and signed at London, the 27th of February 1765, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Certificate of the Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer by William Lord Viscount Barrington, in Part of the Sum due from the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Pri loners of War, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

fg’next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ouse, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the 5th of April 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the 10th of OSlobet 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com3 mittee.

Mr* Speaker left the Chair.

Mn Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mn Paterson reported from the Committee^That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning*

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House. that he was directed; by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again*

Resolved, That this House will; upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being rCad;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes, issued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour took the Chair of the Goni-mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee; That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendo^nts thereunto; which they had directed Km to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.*

Dr. Hay, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , pre-

fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Thirty Chaplains, who have fefved on board His Majesty’s Ships of War, for the space of Four Years, during the late War with France and Spain , Fifteen at 25. 6 d.per Day, and Fifteen at is. each.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The said Estimate is as lolloweth} viz.

Vol. 36.

4

t

Wav< and MeuftJ.

North Britalrt Bank Notes;

Estimate j Bounty to Navy Chaplains.

A. 1765.

314 27* — 28° Mar Hi.

Admiralty-Office, 7 fy S TIM A T E of (he Annual Change of allowing Bounty to Thirty' Chaplains, who »6th March 1765.f have served on board His Majesty’s Ships of War, for the lpace of Four Years, during the late War with France and Spain-, Fifteen, at Two Shillings and Si* Fence per Day, and

Fifteen at Two Shillings each.

Prepared in conseqijeflpe of an Address of the Honourable House of Commons to His Majesty, dated the *$th Instant.

£ s-

.Fifteen, at Two Shillings and Six Fence a Day fcach, amount? - - 684 7 t

Fifteen, at Two Shillings a Day each, amounts to - - - 547 10 o

Total 7 1,231 17 6

The Total is One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-ope Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence.

' ' ’ Ezmont.

\ - G. Hay.

Howe.

OrdersTh# feid Estimate do lie upon the T«We, to be pefwfed by the Members of the House.

Perfom Qryftrf/, That Mr, Nugent have Leave to make o-order'd to Motion, it being half an hour after Eight of the aUttKj* Clock.

And be moved ih« House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. William Curtis do attend this House, -upon Tuesday Morning p*Xt,

Ordered. Tbst Mf, Rifat do attend this House,

mt the too* Time,

Ordered,'lliat Mr- fhmtu do a^nd. this

Heuse, at tlte fuss Tb&e-

Ordered, That Mr.----- Alexander do attend this

House, at tht feres Tine*

Ordered, That Mr. John Sheercraft do attend this House, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourped till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

urna-wt ihiwirii frfrUfe

1 JvvtS) 2&* die Mart it j

' t

Anno 50 Georgii; UP11 Kegis, 17^5.

Prayers.

Great A N ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Grimtoy Road from Great Haven, at or near a

Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm, to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to W Newton , and from Nuns Farm, to the Mill Field, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Earl of Catherlough do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

"jfibfure*h An '^ffed Bill for dividing and inclosing several

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of duk borough, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Aukborough, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered,'That the Earl of Catherlough do garjy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Seaming Common, arul the Greens called Pound Green, Pope's Green, and Green, lying within the several Manors of Seaming Hall, Hall, and

Northern Hall, Seaming Pdrva, Gun tons and

on the Part of Hoe, or some or one of them, and in the Parish of Seaming, in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Scanting Common, and the Greens called Pound Green, Pope's Green, and Betts Green, lying within the several Manors of Scarning Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern Hall, Seaming Parva, Guntons and Rougholme, on the Part of Hoc, or some or one of them, and in the Parish of Seaming, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate do carry the Bill to the Lards, and desire thqir Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, tfe Amendments, nude by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hem-pel, James Janot, and Christopher John Schultz.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 9. Leave out "and."

1. 12. After " Courlan'," inlert " John " fried Klotz, Son of John David " Klotz, by Maria Elizabeth his " Wife, born at

" Ckrijlopher Riemann, Son of Johann " Christopher by

" zabeth his Wife, born at and

" Bernhard Johann Heifchemann, Son " of Bernhard Diedrick Heifchemann, " by Hedwick his Wife, born at " Walck."

1. 25. Leave out " and."

1. 26.

Scarning

IncJefur

HempeP* (and others) Nat*

fhtfXon

Millet

Mds.

TickhiU

Inclosure*

Carimn

uoon

Trent

Iudofurci

5 Geo. III. a8 0 Mar315

1. »6. After Schultzinfert " yo/4» Gottfried u Klotz, Erdmann Chrifopher Riemann, u and Bernhard Johann ft. i. 1. 5. -Leave out, " and."

1. 6. After " Schultz," insert " jM/r Gottfried w Klotz, ErChrifopher

" and Bernhard Johann Ueifchemann." Pr. J.1. 7, Leave out and."

JL After " Schultz" insert " John Gottfried uKlotz, Erdmann Chrifopher Riemann,

" and Bernhard Johann 1. 20. Leave out " and."

1. 21. After" Schultz," insert "John Gottfried Klptz, Erdmann Chrifopher Riemann,

" and Bernhard Johann It}, the Title of the Bill, leave out " and, " and after " Schultzjnfert " %//«

*Klotz, Erdmann Chrifopher Riemann,

" and Bernhard Johann Ue/schemaim." The find Amendments being feyerally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Charles Kemys fynte preferred to the House, accord ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers,

framed by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth'Year of is late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallett and chester, in the County of and for repairing

the Roads from Shepton Mallet tp Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

bU- ffewett presented to the House, according to Order, ft Bill for dividing and indoling certain Commons, called the High and Low Commons, in the Parish of Tick hill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refolded, That the Bill bp read a Second Tim®.

Mr. ffewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Pasture, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of ham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Seven Persons, ,whose Property in the said Lands are of the Annual VaJhje of f. 3 15J. and that the Annual Value of thp Lands intended to be inclosed; amount to f. 380 191.; and that no Person appeared hefore the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ms Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Dace read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hoyfe.

A Clause was offered to be added (o the Bill, to impower the Vicar to le.afe his Allotment.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were ntfde, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vox.. 30.

Ordered, That L^tve be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Bufincf , after Two of the Clock.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor or Manors, and Parish of otherwise Sifeham, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming the Allotments of, and for inclosing the Common, and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sebrdham, otherwise Sebergliam, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming the Allotments of, and for inclosing, the Common, and several Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sebraham, otherwise ham, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ah ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of ton, in the County of York: and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, lYilbrcthom Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chefle *, to Saxotu-Laiie End, in the said County; and from the Cross in Ashton under Line, in the County of Lancaster, to Doctor's Lane Head, in the County of York; and allb the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road in the To^nflaip af Bredbury, to Motram, in the said County of Chefer, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill bere-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to die Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Delaval reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Moors or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of (Varies, and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Ti ad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Six Edward Swinburn, who is not within the Kingdom, and whose Estate in the said Manor is of the Annual Value of Eighty Pounds, but his Agent had given his Consent to the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands, withip the said Manor and Parish having Right of Common are of the Annual Value of £. 1,534 or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone

through

Private

Business.

Syreftam Indofui c.

Sebraham

Inclosure.

Cropton

inclosure*

Stockport*

*c*

loads*

Symondburn

Inclosure.

3,i 6 a8° Marlii. A. 1765.

through the Bill, and rtade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed liim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Enlarging Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exrcu^'on'of en^ar8'nS the Times limited for executing and perform-certain Act*. Ing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And that Sir - Edward Baynlun, Mr. Whitworth, and Mr. Kynaston, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ditto. Sir Edward Baynlun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill, for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received ;, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Baynlun, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Lord North, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Dowdeswell, General Irwin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Douglas, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wynne, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Holt, Mr. JEdmonflone, Sir Alexander

meur, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wi/kinson, Lord Strange, Mr.

Skiffner, Mr. Lane, Lord Calherlougk, Mr.

Mr. Tucker, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Tudivay, Sir WallerBlacket, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Ross, Sir John Wynne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A ALluge from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Mullen’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an

Roads. Act, passed in the Stcond Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen-Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other Roads, leading out of the said Roads; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And . also,

Royfion The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of

WWord the an(j Twelfth Years of Queen Anne, and of

the Thirteenth of King George the First, and of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royfion, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions of Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, to the Causeway, at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

Preventing The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to being carried Prevent any free Indian, under His Majesty’s Protection, from from being carried by Sea from any of His Majesty’s

America. Colonies in America, without a License for that Purpose;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Lord^ Tnc Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Ella* 'enable John Lord Bellew, Baron of Duleek, in the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power to raise certain Sums, therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of younger Children; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veil ing certain Estates, late of Widow,

deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Robert Child, Esquire; and for laying out the Money anting by such Sale in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Marmcr therein mentioned; and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew-.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Bellew, Baron of Duleek, in the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power, to raise certain Sums,-therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of younger Children, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Elizabeth Cary, Widow, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Robert ChUd, El'quire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes; was. read the First Time.:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-.

A Bill forrestraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-foils, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mottlings/ and Manu-fastures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, -from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the Ltd Kingdom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great; was

read a Second Time. .'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a-Committee-of the whole House. " *.*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his. late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandefyine Marriages;, and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapeh, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees; was committed; be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

apd.

Cnr. *t Eliate*.

LoH Belle w’S E Hates*

Cary’s . EHarts.

Importation ot W 00L

1

CHnde^inr

Marriages.

o

Altering times for payment of certain Annuities.

5 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

31?

Highways; Application of Money.

and, upon the Queliioft severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Ho ild.

Ora\red9 That the Bill, with the Amendments* be inerwlied.

‘t’vthe of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Madder, to refoive it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof,

be now read.

And t he laid Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they lfod directed him to report, when the House will plea'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Justices of the Peace, for the County of , af-

sembled at the Lent Assizes 1765, held for the said County; and also of the Trustees of several Turnpike Roads within the said County, on behalf of tkemselves and others; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by reason of the great Weights that arc drawn upon Broad Wheel Waggons, and the Number of Holies that are allowed to draw the fame, and the Depth of the Trails and Ruts made thereby, as well as the present Breadth appointed by Law to be between the Wheels from Side to Side, the fereral Turnpike Roads within the said County are, in general, become very ruinous, and out of Repair, and dangerous for Travellers 5 and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, to amend an Aik, to render more effectual the Laws in being for the Amendment and PreferVation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and expressing the Wilhes of the Petitioners, that the House would provide a Remedy for preventing the Grievances aforementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Ail, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, is committed.

BAilitia. Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Britain cajled England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five: And the same was received3 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

8opply. Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hinvto report to the House; which he read in his Place } and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followefh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One Fourth Part of the capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per ' Vo*. 30.

Wayi and Means.

Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem and pay off One Fourth Part of the Capital Stock of the said Annuities.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, that One Fourth Part of the capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bilk, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed and paid oft* on the 2 5th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable for the feme, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

Mr. Patetfon, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One hundred Thirty-five thousand Two hundred atH^Hiir-teen Pounds Five Shillings and One Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer on the 10th Day of October 1764, for the DHposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions One hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ^firne, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' agreed to by die House.

Sir Alexander Gilmour, according to Order, reported North Britain from the Committee of the whole House, tp whom the Bank -Notes. Bill for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes, issued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North Britain, was* committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thfe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendjnents were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America, for Four Years, ending at Chrtfmas lad; distinguishing each Year.

4M Ordered,

Account;

Account;

Sugar.

Isle of Man.

ciov*

Manufacture.

Exportation of Wheat.

Alt*

relating to

Highways.

Account; Militia; Pay and Clothing.

318 a8°--^2pD

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Quantit ies of raw or

Sugar, exported for Four Years, ending at lall;

distinguishing each Year,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve 'itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectually l'upplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarle printed Callicoes, and other Goods, fof the Product or Manufacture of the Rajl , or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in' Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to examine into the present State of the Manufacture of Leather Gloves -and Leather Mittins:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice or His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Reeds of Parliament, at such Time, , and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Tin^NBiay require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual . the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeukinfonhave Leave to make;a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining uniffued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovy Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii. d. 1765.

Veneris,2 9* die Martii;

Anno 50 Georgii III'*' Regis, J 765.

Prayers.

IV , TR. Lascelles presented to the House, according to 1V1 Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Aujlerfield, in the County of 7ork: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other lioads in the said Act mention-

ed; and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Kynafl Lord , Mr. Tuff-nell, Mr. Grey, Sir Charles MMr. Prow ft,- Mr. Whitworth, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr. Sir

Edmund ’Thomas, Mr. Anson, Mr. Onslow, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Calvert, Lord Warkworth, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. York, Sir John Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Delaval, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Laf-

celles, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Major, Mr. Dyson, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Meynell, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Edmund IJliam, Mr. Shmtleworth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Befl, Mr. Cujl, Mr. , Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Jackson, Mr. Glover, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Burton, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Bof worth, and

Great Wigston, to MilflonLane, in the Town of Leicester,

was read the Third-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husbands , and Great

Wigston, to Milflon Lane, in the Town of

Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed a Clause is permitted to be inserted in the Bui depending in the House, between the Rector of the Parish of Saint tofher'% and the Bank of England, for explaining and amending certain Doubts in an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and opening certain Avenues in the City of London-, and alleging, that great Obstructions and Inconveniences may happen in taking down the Houses referred to in the said Clause, unless the Stand of Coaches in Cornhill be forthwith removed; which, by an Act passed last Session of Parliament, cannot be done till the completing of a certain new Street: And dierefore praying. That the House will permit the said Clause, for removing Coaches and Carriages, to take place from the Time of passing the aforesaid Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for making a Recompense to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu thereof, is committed, that they have

Power

AuforfieM

Incbfure.

RatcBff

Highway

Shad well Roads.

Welford to Leicefte# Roads.

Bank of England.

Woollen

Cloth

fryanufodorc*

Stockport,

Hwdi.

Dobinfon’s

Estate.

5 Ge6. IIL 2a Martiu 310

Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Lascelles presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repealing so much of the several Laws now in force as prescribes particular Standards of Width and length for the several Woollen Cloths made within the West Hiding of the County of York, and for substituting other Regulations of the ClothTrade, within the said West Riding, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the foreign Market: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr, Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Lane

End, in the said County; and from the in under Line, in the County of Lancaster, to Doctor's Lane Head, in the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road in the Township of Bredbury, to Motram, in the said County of -ter; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question leveially put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of William -J'on, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 35. After " confirmed," insert "except as " herein after is otherwise directed and " provided." t» , f Leave out " Thomas Armstrong of rr'7* 13* 3 whifile and inferf " Charles

*4’(. Lutwidge of ."

15. Leave out " Northumberland, Gentleman," and insert " Cumberland"

f Leave out " of Guljton, in the

' 1 ' < " Parish of Castle ," and in-

*7*1. fert " Bl of Flinby Hall." 1. 18. Leave out " Gendemen," and insert " Esquires."

1. 22. Leave out from " Heirs" to " or" in

I zS.

1. 30. f Leave out " Thomas Armjlrong" and 31. I insert " Charles 1. 31. Leave our " Lazonby," and insert " Blennerhapet."

Pr, 9.1. 36. Leave out " Thomas ,"and

insert " Charles Lutxvidge"

I.37. ' Leave out "Lazonby, and insert

u nerhapet

Pr. 10.1. 13. Leave out " to," and insert " do and «shall."

VOL.30.

Pr. 11.1. 2. After "for," infelt " such Person or Persons as would have been his right " Heir or Heirs of the said Estates, or " would, upon his Death, have been " otherwise entitled to the fame, in " case he had died seised thereof, and " in case he shall happen to die after " he shall have attained his Age of 21 " Years, without having received the " said Principal Money and Interest, " then as to so much thereof as shall " not have been so received in Trust " for."

1. 5. Leave out " Thomas Armstrong," and insert " Charles Lutwidge."

I. 6. Leave out "Lazonby" and insert " -

" nerhapet."

1. 26. Leave out " Thomas Armjlrong" and insert " Charles Lutwidge," and leave out " Lazonby" and insert " ."

Pr. 12. 1. 2. Leave out " Thomas Armjlrong" and insert " Charles Lutwidge."

1. 3. Leave out "Lazonby," and insert "nerhapet."

1. 22. Leave out " either," and insert " any."

1. 24. Leave out "either," and insert "any."

1. 32. Leave out " the," and insert "any."

Pr. 13. 1. 15. Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the 2d "and" in 1. 16.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Church of the United Parishes of All Saints Mid Saint John, in the Town of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, That Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon this Day after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

The House being informed, that Mr. Stephenson, from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Coffee, for which the Duties of Excise have been paid, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Midsummer 1753 to Midsummer 1764; diuinguishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seflaon.

A Bill for naturalizing BenediEl Raul Wagner, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Dowdejwell, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Clutlmley, Lord Grey, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Coleraine,

Hertford

Church.

felmerrtiam

Inclosure.

Private Buliae h.

Account ? Coffee.

Wagner’s

Nat.

20 1*) MartiuA. 1765.

rains, Mr. Montague, Mr. Sir Edward Bayn-

trn, Mr. Fuller., Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Glynns, Mr. Fi/zherbert, Mr. Wi/fon, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Ross, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Vane, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Butler, Mr. West, Lord Mr.

- Sandys, Mr. Crefwell, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Shaft os, Mr.

baldeflon.Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Lord Brownlozo Bertie, Mr. Mr. Touchet,

Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Mr. Hswett, Mr.

Anson, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mr.

Bull: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dolman’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £tbte. for felling Part of the settled Estate of Robert Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the Younger, his elcleft Son, assefting the fame; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman the Younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman the Elder, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Lord Grey, Lord Orwell, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir William Baker, Mr. Mr. Gilbert, Sir F.dmund

Isham, Mr. Holt, Mr. Rootle, Sir Richard

Mill, Mr. Kxnaflon, Mr. Willoughby, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. White, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ward, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Paterson, Mr. well, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bull, Mr. York, Mr. Rujkout, Mr. Anson, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Byde, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Lowndes-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Derby, Nottingham, and cafler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dobinfon’s An ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of

man, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Robinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Enlarging Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, to Time for whom the Bill for enlarging the Times limited for tfxe-certaftn1 Acts. curing and performing several Provisions, Powers) and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was committed, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

Wrotham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to God (tone for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road ^oad' leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham m

16

the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Dr ay cot, in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging to the Honourable John Saint John, an Infant, and Edward Dering, also an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of in the County of Kent, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John Saint John and Edward Dering, respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Copyhold Estates, late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bili, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Know/lex and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles for the Purchase thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby Itipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other Lands, to be charged and settled in Manner as therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tlii$ House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging, to the Honourable John Saint John, an Intant, and Edward Dering, also an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John Saint John and Edward Derinjr, respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill fr«in the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of otfrer Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Kuowfley and bethan Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles for the Purchase thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other Lands, to be charged and settled in Manner as therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Y'ear of

her

bray cot' Inclosuie.

St. John’s and Dering's ElUtes.

Tn lot's

E.iatts.

Kncmfiey’s

Estate.

St. John’s

and

Dering’s

Estate*.

Taylor’s

Estates.

Knowfley’* Eftatti.

Butchers.

5 Geo. III. atf MartiL

321

her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cuttle in Smithfiand for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the Selling of Sheep and Grais Lambs dead, by one -Butcher to another; upon next; might be read.

And the said Order being ead accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, do attend this House upon Morning next.

Manchester An Lngrofled Bill for clcanltng and lighting the Streets, a"*1 Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Streets. suid Salford, in the County Palatine of; and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances, within the said Towns; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill cjo psfs: And that the Title be. An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns ot Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances, within t Ire said Towns.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire' their Concurrence.

Lo«s. An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ-Wilford ment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Loes and Watford,

Poor. in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in tire Hundreds of Loes and in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Holt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tythe of Madder.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hoafe, to whom the Bill for

continuing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the several Masters in Chancery do lay before this House, distinct and separate Accounts of the annual Salary, Produce, and Profits of their several ‘ and respective Offices, for Ten Years kft past, or such Part of the said Time as tboy have been in the said Office^ distinguishing each Year, and signed by each respective Mailer;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed its this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pumlhtng Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Thonias Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Chaise of Three Independent Companies of Foot to be raised for His Majesty’s Service on the Coast of Africa, from 25th December 1764 to 24th December 1765, both inclusive.

And the Title of the said F.ftimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Masters

in

Chancery's

Salaries.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Estimate;

African

Settlement)'

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Three Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for His Majesty’s Service on the Coalt of Africa, from 25th December 1764 to 24th December 1765, both inclusive.

-Three Independent Companies of Foot, with a Surgeon’s Mate to attend each Company ----- Provisions for the lame, deducting 2 \d. per Diem from each non-com mi ffioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence, remains to be borne by the Government - -- - - Numbers. For 365 Days.

213 4,170 2 6 2,321 14 IOJ

Total - - - 213 £49* *7 4*

War-Office, 23th March 1765.

W. Ellis.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Estimate; Mr. Dyson, from the Commissioners for Trade and African Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Settlements. Address to His Majesty,

Vol. 30.

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishcnent to be made upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1765.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

4N

Ashford

and

Sheldon

Inclosure.

AdjoumMcat.

Tttbury

Church*

52a

29° Ma

'A. 1755.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment, to be made upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape; for the Year 1765.

To the Salaries of a Governor, and other necessary Officers -

To a Provision for the Support of Protestant Ministers and Schoolmasters -

To the fitting out and maintaining such Vessels as shall be neceliiiry, for the Accommodation and Security of the several Establishments -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

To an Agent to be appointed here for the Affairs of the Settlement -

2.000

300

1.000

2.000

2CO

5>5°°

s.

d.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peru fed by the Members of the House.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby, was committed i That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Five Persons, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, whose Property in the said Fields is 59 Acres and 3 Roods; and except Six Persons, who could not be found, but had Notice left, whose Property is Acres and 3 Roods; and except Mr. Wright, who afiented, but did not sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land in the said Fields consists of 1,438 Acres and 2 Roods; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday the 23d Day of April next.

Refolded, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of James Dalby, of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, was presented to the House,

‘and read; Taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tetbury aforesaid; and setting forth, That the Ancestors of Jane, the Petitioner’s Wife, and Mary and Anne her Sifters, were heretofore seised of, and entitled unto, a very considerable Estate, called the Graunge, within the said Parish; and many Disputes having arose between them, and the Parishioners of the said Parish, touching the Claim of the Parochial Rights and Duties due unto the said Parish Church from the said Estate, and touching the Rights and Privileges belonging to the Ancestors of the Petitioner’s said Wife, and her Sifters, in the said Church, by virtue of certain Premises within the said Parish belonging to them, it was, by an Instrument in Writing, bearing Date the 23d Day of October 1624,

agreed by and between Richard Gajlrell, Gentleman, One of the Ancestors of the said Petitioner’s Wife, and her Sifters, and the then Church Wardens and other the Parishioners of the said Parish, with the Content of the then Vicar thereof; that the said Richard Gajlrell, His Successors and their Family, should, at all Timts thereafter, relbrt to the said Parish Church, to hear Divine Ser-yice and Sermons in the Ille and Seat, where they then lat, to receive the Sacrament, and to marry, bury, and baptize, and use all other Parochial Rights, without any Molestation whatsoever; he and they paying, in regard of the Premises, the Sum of Ten Shillings yearly, towards the Repairs of the said Parish Church; and in case he or any of his Family should be buried in the same Ille, or any other Part of the Church, the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, for every such Breaking of the Earth; and that afterwards, by a Faculty, bearing Date the 28th Day of May 1684, granted by the then Vicar General of the Bishop of Gloucester, the said Seat was confirmed to James Gajlrell, another of the Ancestors of the Petitioner’s Wife and her Sifters, in order that he and his Family might have and enjoy the fame, at all Times, without any Interruption whatsoever; and that the said Richard Gajlrell and James Gajlrell respectively, during their Lives, solely enjoyed the said Seat, and all other the Rights so agreed to belong to them as aforesaid; and from Time to Time, pursuant to the said Agreement, paid the said yearly Sum of Ten Shillings;, towards the Repairing of the said Parish Church; and after their Deaths, were respectively buried in the said Isle of the said Parish Church; after which, a Part of the Estate belonging to them was fold; and though the said Seat, and all other the said Rights were reserved upon such Sale, yet it was agreed, that a Moiety of the said yearly Payment of Ten Shillings should be made by the Purchaser thereof, which has accordingly ever since been, and now is done; and the said Seat, and all other the said Rights, always have been, and now are, solely enjoyed by the Petitioner’s laid Wife and her Sifters; and the said other Moiety of the said yearly Sum of Ten Shillings has also ever since been, and now is, paid by them; and they have also always, when Occasion required, exercised such Rights of Burial within the said Parish Church as aforesaid; And therefore praying. That, in case the said Bill passeth into a Law, Provision may be made therein for lccuring to the Petitioner’s laid Wife and her Sifters their laid Rights and Privileges, and establishing them therein, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet!

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Con-

5 GeO. III. 29* Murtii. — 1* Aprilis. 323

Supply Bill; Puties on Coals, &c.

A&

relating to

Highways*

Isle of Man.

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Fetbury, in the County of Gloucester, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several India Goods, and upon Policies of Assurance; for retaining upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Mullins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds, by Two former Acts; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Prefer vat ion of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse Printed Callicoes and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain-, for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof, and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Me of Man; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Method, for, more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with certain East India Goods, called Cowries and Arangoes.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the better Payment of the Duties upon such Bugles, imported into this Kingdom, as shall be lodged ik Warehouses.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom from the Isle of Man, under proper Limitations and llestrictions, of any Rum, Brandy, Iron, or Gunpowder, which was brought into the said Ille, before the First Day of March 17 65, upon Payment of One Half of the Old Subsidy only for such Goods.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit the Importation of such a Quantity of foreign Brandy, as may be necessary for the Trade to Why dak.

Vol. 30.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit the Exportation to Africa of Rum and British Spirit in Vessels, not under Fifty Tofts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of tile Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; attd that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Dudley Baxter, Esquire, do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Onslow do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulatingRegisters; and for preferring the Evidence of Pedigrees; was re-committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncc,i* di; Anno 5* Georgii III"’ Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

SIR Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Fanny Fowler, Spinster, a Minor, to convey, assign, and settle her Real and Personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges, Baronet, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill

to

Clandestin*

Marriages

Supply.

Ways and Means*

Fowler’s

Estate.

324 \* Apruis. A. ij6$.

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath . agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duke of Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, to Newcastle'* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estates. Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed to be made between ThomDuke of and

Margaret Cavendi/he, Duchess Dowager of Portland, of several Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Nottingham; and for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party, to such Lies, as the Lands for which the same are exchanged, flood settled; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

.. Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Enlarging An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times limited for Time for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and cemi^Atls, Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Burton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Overy Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Inclosure. pj[aces> jn Burton Overy, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, obliging Persons to keep down the Interest of Money borrowed for the Purposes of the Act. _ . '

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shepton A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Mallet an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Ma-Roads. jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the ltoads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset-, and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Grey, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ward, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Wilson, Lord Orwell, Mr. Shijfner,- Mr. Cujl, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Dela-val, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Willoughby, Lord , Mr.

Boulton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Richard Mill, Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Drake, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Pane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Hujke,

Mr. Beji, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Fonnereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, , and Dorset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Penn’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Exchange, for confirming and astablishing an Agreement, between the Mailer, Brethren, and Sifters, of the Hospital of the Lord Hajlings of Loughborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and ’Thomas Penn, Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premises in Stoke Poges aforesaid, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table? Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. I.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Mordamt reported from the Committer, Granfcunw to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Iuclofur* and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Granburrozv, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sat’ufaction of the Committee; except Thomas Atkins, who is a Minor, and is possessed of about Four Acres of Lammas Ground; and that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of Twenty-eight Yard Lands and an half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once re«d throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Delaval reported from the Committee, to whom SyixWtrorn the Bill for dividing and inclosing Two Moon or Com- Inclosure. mens, within the Barony and Manor of Warkc, and Parish of Synttudburn, in the county of ,

was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Dashwood reported froru the Committee, to Somerton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Inclosure. Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of St merlon, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

found

5 Geo. III.

.1

V

Houghton on the Hill Inclostire.

r

Syrcfham

inclosure.

Poole,

Scr.

Road.

Cary’s

Eilarc*.

found the same to be true; and that the Parties conternc J had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the lit-port in his Place; and afterwards rieliiered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the'Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; tod, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of was read the Third

Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, obliging Persons to keep down the Interest of Money borrowed for the Purpol'es of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, or Manors, and Parish of Syrefiam, other wise Sifeham, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ddaval, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Kynafon,

Mr. Whitworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wynne,

Sir George Armitage, Mr. John , Mr. , Sir

Edward Bayntun, Mr. Tuckfe/d, Mr. , Sir James

Da/hwood., Mr. Tracey, Mr. , Lord Coleraine,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Mr. herbert, Mr. Townshend, Lord Burgherjh, Mr.

Mr. Bagot, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Parker, Mr. Stephens, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Knight, Sir George Savile, Mr. Tudivay, Mr. , Sir

Smith, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Rest, Sir Charles Kemys , Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Norris, Mr. Harris; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of,

Northampton, Stafford, Salop, and Derby: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leaf ling from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town ami County of Poole, to Winbour ,in the County of Dorjct, to Bratton Corner, in the County of

was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olvrd, That the Bill do pals: - And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole to Winbourn Minfer, in the County to

Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, anti desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Elizabeth , Widow, dcccafrd, in the County of in Trustees,

in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Robert Chid, Vol. 30.

Esquite, and for laying out the Money afjiing by such Sale in Three per Centum Consolidated Ban!;’Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes; was read a Second

n* 1

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ctifl, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ridley, Mr Sir

George Savile, Mr. Tozvtjhend, Mr. Delaval, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Wa Sir Armine IVodehnfe, Mr. Millts, Mr. Grey, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

fliend, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Baymmi, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Touchet, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Knight, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Foitnereau, Mr. Parker, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Edition and all the Members who fetve for the Counties of Middlesex, Efex, Hertford, Kent, and SurAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sj>eaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, to whorrt the Bill for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers of an Act* made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty* for repairing the High lloid from the Town of Shrewfi bury, through Cressage, Harley, Much by

ley Cross, and through Morville, to in the County of Salop, and (or amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Floule; anil lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ariiendmtnls; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;' and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ’

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, ft> whom the Bill to enlarge the Tftm and Powers of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge to Maw; and for amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chefer, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and foifrid the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Which they had difefted him to report to the Ho Ale; and he read the Report in' his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the: Amendments,- in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the Amendments were d)hce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One';' and, upon’ the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to bv1 the House; and an Amc+idment was made, by Hie House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be1 ingrossed.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Westminster Order, a Bill to enlarge die Powers of, and to! fender Paving, more effectual, the several Acts, passed in the 2d, 3d, and 4th- Yeats of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating' the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Wefminfief, and other Parts, in the said Act mentioned; alii-for extending the Provisions of the said AftS to the Surrey Side of Wefniinjttr Bridge; and for enlarging-the Powers of the said Acts, With respect-to Squares: And the ferric tjtas. received j- and read the FirfV Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

4 O Mr.

Shrewsbury

to

Rrid ge north Road.

CroTsford

Bridge,

&c.

Road.

316 i° Aprilis. A 176c.

Discovery Mr. Stepbtps presented to the House, according to of the Order, a Bill for explaining and rendering more effectual ongitudfc two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall dil'cover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the z6th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen , intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall dil'cover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in execution the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Butchers. Ordered, That the several Cutting Butchers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, who, upon the 22d Day of March last, petitioned this House, that the present Method of felling Sheep and Lambs by One Butcher to another, may be varied and altered, for the Benefit of the Public, be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think fit, at the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing lb much of an Act; passed in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Sm; and for giving Leave for bnnging up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the Selling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by One Butcher to another.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Kinlott do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Mallory do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wildman do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Weatherick do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joshua Constable do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Saunders do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smith do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Clisby do attend this House, at the same Time.

Militia. The Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift of the several Counties in England and W in which the Militia has been raised, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Tythe of An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the MaJder. j Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder, in that Part ot Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder, in that Part of Great pritain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do cirry the Bill to the lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Orzvell presented to the House, according to Brirjft Order, a Bill for the further Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery: And the same was received; and read the Kir ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for altering the Times of Payment of . Jbfrr'n* certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Timet Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in 0 the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was Auuum«. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do |>afs: And that the Title be, An Act for altering the Times of Payment of Certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Currency and due N.»rth Britain Payment of Notes issued by the Banks and Banking Companies in North Britain, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 1. To leave out "Custom," and insert " Practice" instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 19. After " Notes," to insert " Bill or Bills."

5. 1. 31. To leave out " Custom," and insert " Practice" instead thereof.

And the fetid Amendments were, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes and Bills issued by the Banks, Banking,

Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', and for restraining the Practice of issuing Notes and Bills for Sums lei's than Twenty Shillings, by such Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Julliott, from the Account) Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and Militia at the Bar, presented to the House, pufuant to their Order, J ‘ns*

An Account of the Monies remaining uniffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 23th Day of March 1764.

Mr. Julliott also, from the Exchequer, presented to Account; the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, A.MrH*

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Money, issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

5 Geo. III.

i* Aprilis.

Supply Pill Duties on Po/lage.

327

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining uniflued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764.

The Monies remaining uniflued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764, amount to the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the tft Day of April 1765.

S. P. Ju

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which hjive npt been made good by this House.

To Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esq. towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons, of the last Session of Parliament, with a proper Index thereto -

To Jeremiah Dyson, Esq. to be applied for completing the printing of the Journals of the House of Commons, to the End of the last Session of Parliament; and also reprinting of the First Fourteen Volumes of the Journals of that House, with the Index thereto -

£. s.

400 — — -

2,000 --- —

2,400 — —

MBBMBOr

Exchequer, the ift Day of April 1765.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

who are appointed so prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday the 12th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, explaining, and enforcing several Provisions in the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Poll Of-, lice, and Office commonly called the Penny Poll Office.

Vox.. 30.

S. P.Julliott.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr,

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, that this House will give Leave to Francis Lord Orwell, a Member of this House, to attend the Lords Tomorrow, in order to be examined as a Witness, in relation to the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And allb.

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cow den, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the South

End

Leave for a Member to attend tise Lords.

Toftbridft

and

Mti^stone

Road.

Newton

Abbot

Bonds.

328

Jprilis.

Y .; m

— J.

ijs

Birftall

to

Huddersfield

Road.

Denford

Inclosure.

Twywell

Inclosure.

Snitterfield

lAclosure.

End of Netc ton Abbot, to the Passage Way in toeat, opposite C/i/ton Dartmouth; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road, between NeivtonAbbot and towards Abbots Kerf-

well, to Five Lanes, and from to the said Turnpike Road* between Newton Abbot and

ness-, and from Ga/mpton to Monks Bridge,

and Brixham Quay; and from Langver's Barn, to the End of Paington Town; all in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords ha^e a&reed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending ana widening the Road, from the Sign of the Coach and HorJ'ei, in Birftall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane, to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the Co\inty of York'i without any AmdndrtrenC: And also. The Lords have agreed. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Denford, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Pa-rifli of Twywell, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

/ t w

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snitfield, other-wile Snitterfield, in the County of Warwick-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish erf J in the County of Worcester-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Roth-well, in the County of Lincoln--, without any Amend,-ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing ai|id dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Kirkhdrnmerton, in the County of York-, with some Amendments; to, which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a; Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing -Lonifia Rudolphina Wale and Gregory. Wale to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the jyfcfiengers withdrew.

Leave for The House proceeded to take into Consideration a Member to tha.t Part of the Message from the Lords, which de-atJLords.' ,ires this House to give Leave to the Lord Orwell, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships Tomorrow.

Refo/ved, That the Lord Orwell have Leave to go to the Lords, as desired by their Lordships in the said Message, if he-thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called inand Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

' And then they again withdrew.

Motion »cg. A Motion was. made, and the Question; being put, dreading: That the Order* of the Day be riow read j of’ther Day- ' ^passed-in the Negative. .

Supply/' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted' to His Majesty; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That N° 4. Abstract of Reports made by the Commiluoneis appointed by His Majesty, fcr.exa-

.-...A fc/. x

Bretferton

Inclosure.

Rothwell

Inclosure.

- Kirkham-merton Inclosure.

Wale’s

Nat.

mining and stating unsatisfied Claims and Demands alleged to be due for Expences incurred duiirg the late War in Germany, on so much of the said Cljims and Demands, as have been liquidated since the last Session of Parliament; and alfir, General State of tin? Abstracts N° t. 2. 3. of the Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, to examine and state the unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for Exper.ces incurred during the late War in Germany, presented to the House ol Comnfrns in last Session of Parliament, and of the Abstract N° 4. of the Reports of the Commissioners now prfclented; and.’ also, an. Account of the Expenditure of Part of f. 500,000 voted, upon account, towards discharging such unsatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late Wan in Germany, #/appeared to he due by the Reports of the Commi.licnewi, for examining and stating those Claims arid Demands' ;and also, an Account of such Part of the Claims allowed to be due in Abstracts, N° 1. 2. and 3. for Expences incurred during the late War in and laid be-

fore the House of Commons in the btft Session of Parliament, as has rrot yet been dik: barged; bt? referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exceedings of the several Sums provided by Parliament for sundry Services, also of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands of the Paymaster General, by Contractors and others, to the 23d of March 1^65, together, vyjll} what Part thereof has been laid before Parliament, and in aid of what Services it was applied, and what remains to be applied, be relcrred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimafe of the Annual Charge of allowing a Bounty to Thirty Chaplains, who haf$ feFved- on boar*?! fils Majesty’? Ships of War, for the Space of Four Years, during the late War with France and Spain, Fifteen at is. 6d.per Day, and Fifteen at is. each, be referred to the said Committee.

Theri the House felbbrcd rtfelP into the said Cornel It tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. __

Mp. Paterson- reported from; the Committee, That tire* had come to fe-vetat Resolutions, which tlwy had drtefted him to report, when the House will please to receive the ftroe. ’ ' ' - y a

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mdrrpw Morning..;

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was. directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a.Committee.of the whole House, to consider further Of the Supply, granted to His Majesty. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty gertain Duties on the Exportation of Goals', and of several Eafi-.W/fr’Goods, and upon Policies* ofrAHiinurce; for retaining upon, the Exportation of White Callicoes and Mullins, a further'Fait of- the Duties paid on the Importation ‘thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with re-lpeft to Stamp'Duties imposed upon Deeds, by Two. former Acts; was committed; be now read.

.And the'laid'Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Paterson reported from the said Committee, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill;"and which they lhul‘directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee' to the said Bill, a« far as the Amendment in Fo. 2. 1. r.

being

Supply BUI; Dut'cs on Coals, &c.

Army; Mutiny and

brfertion.

Tyne Jttlxjv

Importation

of

t Geo. Hi.

Vc

‘1*

being federally read a Second Thne* were; upon the Question severally put -{hereupon, agreed to by the House. ' . ’

The Amendment in so. a. 1. t. being the Words1 " Four Shillings," was read a Second Time.

An Amendment was propertied to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Four,’* and inserting the Word "Two" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Foftr" stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { Tellers for the Noes.j'JJ;

} *7;

} *3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative-

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residhe of the Amendments, made by the Cotn-mittee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

The House' was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might be H»d.

And the same was read accordingly.

Refllved, That the said Bill be read Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers

.rs for, htY.a,[^;"" \

Tellers for the Noes. \ f \ '

So it passed in the Negative.

53-

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade between London and Shields, and the several other Petitions relating to the River ‘Tyne, were referred;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday Morning," and inferring the Words* " Tuesday the 23d " Day of Aprilinstead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words "

" nesday Morhing," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tuesday the 23d Day of April," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question thus amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi-

dcration, upon Tuesday the 23d Day of April next.

s -

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloiffic, upon the Bill for re draining the Exportation of Wool, Vol. 30*

1 in

Wool-fens* W OcA-flockSj^'SliqVflingsMortiirijk ;^nd Manufactures made up* ‘w^iHr Wodf ‘ or vWoor-{locks, front the' Kingdom of IM&iid, to cirfaiVT PorljS in (las, said Kingdom; 4nd ror .^rWtffiining tb’c im^'ortatibo {hereof to certrtm Ports ’rri' the Kingdom of Great Britain; rt '*! ' ' ' '

Resolved, That this House will, upon the'23th

Day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day Hsifig reaef, for the HoulJ^ to ffltrr &.*> resolve itself into a Committee of the v?hole House, to consider of the Report Which was made ffom the Committee, who were appointed to examine' into the jprefenf State of the Marrufacture of Leather Glo’ves and £castior Mittins; , ", 1

Ordered, That the said OrdeV ^>c poftpotieS.

The Order of the Day being read; for the jffdufe to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole Tloufei ot upon the Bill to enable XII^ Majesty, \\fittt tf^fAdvi^ of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheate'n Meal, Flour, 'Bread, Bifeuit,' ah cl Starch, during the next Rfccefs of Parli afncht,1 at such Time, and in Rich Manner, as the Necessity ,of ,.the v- " Time may require, and He, in His Wifefottt/thail think *‘ r

convenient apd needful; ‘ ( '

' Resolved, That this House will, uipon 'Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee o'f the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon relating

the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the to

30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George lgi‘ua.* *' the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in b^ing, for the Amendment and Preservation of the publifeHighwaysand'Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Bill be tfansmitted to a Scleft Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Mf. i -Lord Strange, Mr. Dczvdefwe//, Mr, Lord North, 4

Mr. Bagot, Lord Burgherjjt, Mr. Gyfon, Mr. t

Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bacon, . Mr. Iify

monstone. Lord Brownlow Bs(tie, Mr. Mr. Lute-

trell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. ’Jpukinfin, Mr-Sir Willia?n Beauchamp JProQcp, Mr. Nugent, Mr., CujL,

Sir John'Turner, Mr. Blawbey, Mr. Siij William

Meredith, Mr. Ft tzherpeft, Mr. Gray, Sif field. Bilking ton, Mr. HarrisfNlr. Gore, Sir Mr. HeweltMr.. Lafceljes, Sir George Mr*.

Fonnereau, Mr.' Whhwo{th, Lord Colerahte^ Mr. Httjkcy Mr. Coventry, Sir Roger N&zvdigate, Mr. Bwhon, Mr.

Delaval, Sir John Glyme,' A4r, Burr elf Mr. Take, bio*

'Edmund If am, Mr. Holty Mr, C/ioimley., Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.' Townshencl, Mr." I'lumpfr-e, Mr- Butler, Mt.

Montagu, Mr. Burton, Mr, Tudvcay, Mr.- Paterson, Mf,

Parker: And they are to meet this Afitern(»ourat Fiva of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all ’^h© otne are tohave Voices.

c

/ B V,;

TheTIoufe, according to Order, rofqlved itself into 3 me of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Tyadc

of this Kingdom t6 Africa, with such coarse printed ... Callicoes and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond [the of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and uled in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing tire Bounty payable in Great Britain, and ail Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

4 P Mr.

3J0 id — i* Aprilis. A. 1765*

# Mr. Pater Jon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Pat erf on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevaral Amendments thereunto; which they had di reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ctaidfa* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the *t*rriaP* whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-Iixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandcstine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public* Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for prefacing the Evidence of Pedigrees; was committed; be received' upon Thursday Morning next.

aadlSaaa. Resolved, That this House wil 1, upon WMorning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for rmif-ing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2* April!s \

Anno 5* Georgii III. U Regis, 1765.

PlLAf ERS.

A N ingrossed Bill from (he Lords, intituled, An Slate x\. Act for the Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Willough-fiy, Mr. Fane, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Rice, Mr Vansittart, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Tracey, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pennant, Lord Thomond, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bagot, Lord Grey, Mr. Penton, Mr. Brudenell, Lord John C Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Sandys, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hume, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Holt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Pye; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of 1 Nottingham, York, Lincoln, and: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tickliill A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Inclosure* called the High and Low Commons, in the Parish of Tick-hill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lane, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Edmonstone, Colonel Molyneux, Mr. Rice, Mr. Lowndes, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lord Carys-

fort, Mr. Harley, Mr. Vansittart, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Penton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pye, Mr. Ryder, Sir Robert Mr. Knight, Mr.

Hujke, Sir Alexander Gitniour, Mri MyddeiloH) Mr. k'mfon. Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr Mr. Burrell,

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Pennant, Sir Meredith;

and all the Members who serve for the Cdunties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, and Derby And they are td meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging to the Honourable John Saint John, an Infant, and Edward Dering, also an Infant, of and in several Messuages* Lands, and Hereditaments,.in the.Isle of in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John Saint John and Edward Dering, respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Montgomery Met ham. Air. Brudenell, Mr. Lane, Lord Grey, Mr. Rice, Mr. Edmonfione, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Polling ton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr.

lxjrd North, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Clive, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Milles, Mr. Rufiiout, Sir Edward , Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Robinson, Sir Charles,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir George Armitage, Lord Carysfort,

Mr. Kynaston, Lord John Cavendish, Lord George Caven-

dish, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. To and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex,

and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from Kidwefy, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads, leading from Llandilo, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads, leading- from Llandilo, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

m

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Crowe,

Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates, in the same County’, in lieu thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. LaJ-celles, Mr. Lane, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Armine IVodehouse, Mr. Tracey, Mr.

Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Sandys, baldefton. Sir Jairit Smith, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir George Pigot, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Myddelton, Lord Grey, Lord Browidow Bertie, Mr. Rufhout, Sir John Turner, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Hawke, Lord Thomond, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wilson, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Townshend, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lane after, York, WestmCumberland,

ham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet tljis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the High and Low

Commons

St. John and Dering* Estatet.

tiarmartkci*

Crown’ll

BHiiOo

AufterlfcH

Inclosurt*

GiiO. ill.

2* jipriiifi

r

0

Commons of Auflerfiehl, in the County of fork, was read a Second Tim?.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-ce/les, Lord Carysfort, Sir George Armilage, Mr: Kynaston,

Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Charles Mr. Mr.

Ward, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Mr.

baldeflon, Sir William CodMr. Fuller, Mr. Edmoti-

stone, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rnjhout, Mr. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Mr. Harris, Mr. Fanner eau-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Durham, and Northumberland i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the: Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Woollen A Bill for repealing lo much of the several Laws novtr . Clofh jn Force as prescribes particular Standards of Width and '*aur*' Length for the several Woollen Cloths made within the West Riding of the County of York, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the said West Riding, for preventing, Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the foreign Market, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-etlies, Mr. Lane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilbraham, Booth, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Mr. Dyson, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Alderman ford, Mr. De Grey, Sir Rickard Gfyn, Mr.

Mr. Wilson, Lord Orwell, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr,

stone, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Crefivell, Lord Thomond, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Rice, Mr. Dowdefivell, Sir George Sa- vile, Mr. Harley, Mr. Cufl, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. 1Barnes, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Skiff-ner, Mr. Webb, Lord Brozvnlow , Mr.

Mr. Jackson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Butler, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Molyneux; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of fork, Nottingham, Lancaster, Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

, Yoik

Road.

33*

Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Pam, Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premises in Stoke Poges aforesaid, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended; was read the Third Time.

Resolved," flistt the Bill; iviflt the Amendment, do f>afs. . , .

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them; that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for amending and widening the Road from the City of fork, by Grimston Smithy, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Kexby Bridge, in' the feme Riding; and also from’ Smithy aforesaid;

in Two Branches, the One to a certain Gate in the Road between Kirby Underdale and; at the tipper

End of Garraby Hill, in the said Riding, and the other to and through Elvington, to Elvington Bridge, in the said Riding; was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring that no Toll shall be taken for any Horie going to or from a certain Mill.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the" Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House, tel be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road from' the City of York, by Grimflon Smithy, to Kexby Bridge s and from Grimflon Smithy aforesaid, to a certain Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of fork.

Ordered, That Sir George Armitage do carry the Bill to1 the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Skijfner reported from she Committee, to whom Wtgneb, the Bill for naturalizing BenediRPaul Wagner, was com- *«.

mitted. That the Committee had examined the Allega-/ tions of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Kirkham- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the merton Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York.

And the said Amendment was read, and is ds followeth; viz.

Pr. *3. 1. 24. After " appointed," insert "provided " also, that the said Owners and Proprietors of the " said Houses, Lands, and Grounds, shall duly pay " and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums - " of Money, to be borrowed and taken up as afore1

said, during their respective Lives."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sealford , Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord-tnclosure. fog to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Scalford, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pen n’t An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Exchange, for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Master, Brethren, and Sitters, of the Hospital of the Lord Hastings, of Loughborough, founded at Stoke

Vat. 30.

Ah ingrafted Bill from the Lofds, intituled, Act Act Knowfley’s* for veiling the settled Estate of John Knowfley and Eliza-betk, his Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees; to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles for the Purchase' thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby ftfpulated to be paid in the Purchase of other Lands, to be charged and settled in Manner as therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bd cofhmitted to1 Mr. baldefton, Lord Thomond, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Lane, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Vane, Sir’

Francis Vincent, Mr. Bullet, Mr. Gore, Lord Grey. Mr.

Forrefler) Mf. Coventry, Sif Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr: Goutts, Lord Fife, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lowndes,

Colonel Molyneux, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Clive, Sit Jarrit Smith;

Mr. Kynaflotii Mf. Doivdefwell, Mr. Townshehd, Mr.

Skijfner, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Rice, Miy Fonnereau; and all the Members who lerVe for the Counties of fork, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland; Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in she.

Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing' and inclosing feveraf Hartfiior* Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- fcicloin.* mou and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartshorn, in the County of Derby, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open a*d Common Fields, Common Meadows. Common and

Waft;

332 2° Aprilis: A. 1*16$.

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hart/- Lords, and acquaint theui, that this Houlo hath agreed horn, in the county of , Derby. to the fame, with some Amendments; to which A mend-

Ordered, Th.at Mr. biizherbert do carry the Bill to the meqts this, House doth deftre the Concurrence of their Isolds, arid desire their Concurrence. Lordships.

Spalding Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to Lord reported from the Committee,

High Bridge, whom the Bill to continue the Term of, and render more, *° whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open

R«d effectual, an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of Common Arable Fields, in the Pantiles of -

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road} and South in the county of ,

leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworthy . Was commuted. That the Committee had examined the and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridgein Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

' the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County and that. the Parties concerned had given their Confect of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except commuted, That the Committee had examined the Grime, a Cottager, who has about 3 Acres in the said

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Fields; and the Trustees of the late Mr. s V, ill,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and who have about 50 Acres, who, being applied to, refused

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had r.° %n the Bill; that the whole Quantity of Land in the

directed him to report to the House; and he read the said Fields is 1,390 Acres; and that no Person appeared

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Committee had feone through the Bill, und made several

the Report was read. Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. rcPort to '&e House; and he read the Report in his

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Place> and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Committee, to whom the same was committed. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Ditto. A Petition of Charles Bertie, Esquire, Lord of the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question . Manor of East and West Deeping, in the County of Lin- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. cohj on behalf of himself and several of the Commoners t Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of Deeping Fen, was presented to the House, and, read; mgrofled

Setting forth, That by a Bill now depending to continue . Lord Bertie reported from the Committee,

the Term, and render more effectual, an Act passed in to whom the Bm for repairing and widening the Roads the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,. from BrU In the bounty of to

for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spald- in the County of and from West

ing High Bridge, through Lettleworth, and by FrognallRaJm to M and from the Great Road about

and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Six Furlongs West of Bridge to Bishop Norton

Lincoln to Maxey Outgang, in the County oiNorthamp- Common-, and from the Hamlet of Morton to Crowle;

ton, adjoining to the High Road there, it is intended and from to in the said County

to ered a lurnpike at or ncarthe West End of Fiognall, Gf Lincoln-, was committed; That the Committee had exa-Which, the Petitioner apprehends will be very burthen- mined the Alleeations of the Bill, and found the same jomc to him and his Tenants: And therefore praying to be true; and that the Committee had gone through That he may be heard by himself or Counsel, against the Bill> and made several Amendments thereunto, that Part of the said Bill > or that the Petitioner may which they had direaed bim to report to the House; have such other Relief, as to the Hou.e shall teem meet. and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once re-committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his read throUghout; and then a Second Time, One by Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his laid leti- One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, tmn, if he thinks fit. . were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- . Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the inarofled same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said 0

Petition. An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line, to Haftop-, and from Middle

Tetbury Mr. Tracey reported from the Committee, to whom. Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton;

Church, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for and also the Road branching out of the said first-men-rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tetbury, in tioned Road at Cobridge to and to the Uttoxeter

the County of G/oucefier, was committed; and to whom Turnpike at Skelton, in the county of ; was read

thf ^Petition of James Dalby, of Tetbury, in the County the Third Time.

of Gloucester, Gentleman, was referred; That no Person . An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the appeared before the Committee in Support of the said Bill, by way of Ryder, to prohibit the digging for Ma-Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Al- terialson Bakewell Common.

legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended,

and that the Committee had directed him to report the Then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and.

Bill to the House, without any Amendment-: And he upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ' IJoufe, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

The Amendments following were severally proposed to Ire, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.under Line, to Haftopand from Middle Hills After " Adi" to insert, " to apply a certain Sum of to the Turnpike Road near Buxton-, and also

" Money arising by the Sale of a Housein Tetbury, in the the Road branching out of the (kid first-mentioned Road " County of Glmccester, and by Donation of severalPerlons." at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter '1'urnpike at.

To leave out " in the County of Glfiucefier,".and insert Skelton, in the County of Stafford.

" aforesaid" instead thereof. .; Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to the

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Lords, and desire their Concurrence, put thereupon, agreed to by, the.House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, dopafs. ‘ Lord Bertie reported from the Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. Tracey do carry the Bill to the to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road.

train

Cockerington

Tnciofure.

Bawtry

Bridge,

&c.

Roads.

Newcastle under Line Road.

A Ifordf-

&c.

Road.

5 Geo. III. o? dprilis. 333

from Alford to Boston, and from thence to in

the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

fcobmfon’s The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Estate. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the County of Cumberland, late the Estate of William Dobinfon, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of Joseph his

Nephew, deceased: Andalfo,

Chapel The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 0 the Heath for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and forgiving Road. further Powers, for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of , to Bour-

ton on the Hill, in the County of , without any

Amendment: And also,

Key berry The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry

&c* Bridge, to the Passage at; and from the said

°* ' Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of in the County of Devon, without any Amendment: And also.

Stump Cross The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act w for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road Toad from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, and from to Cambridge,

and other Roads adjoining thereto; so faras the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto; without anyAmendment: And. also,

Lerchwich The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Norton Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchwich and Norton, d our*. and the Borough of Evefiam, in the County of Worcester,

- without any Amendment: And also,

Howard’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to (and others). confirm and establish Exchanges of Land, at Exchange. jn Surrey, between Charles Howard, Esquire, and Edward

Walter, Esquire, and between the said Charles Howard and Jonathan Tyers, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the FirllTime. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Long Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee,

Bucfcby to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Jndofure. jeqji Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Ground*, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Dong Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Mur cot, which-lies in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Robert Edward

Dobinfon, Thomas Smith, and John Smith, who are, all to-. 4gether, possessed of Lands in the said Fields to the -Amount of about £.io p Annum; and the whole Lands to be inclosed are valued at about £. 1,337 Annum > and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereinto, which they had directed him to report to the 'Vo l.30.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, obliging Persons to keep dowm the Interest of Money, borrowed for the Purposes of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrafted.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Wadworth whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open inclosure* Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Turner reported tram the Committee, to Wisbeack whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from to the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach *jjmn River, lying between Ropers Fields, and the Bell Inn, in 03 Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in Walfoken, in the County of Norfolk-, and from Walfoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in ljlington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudling Bridge and German's Bridge, and from the Eall End of German’s Bridge aforesaid,. to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk-, and from ljlington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Hie Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where: the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that no Turnpike shall be erected within a certain Distance of Wisbeach Great Bridge.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom gank the Bill for veiling certain Glebe Lands, belonging to of England, the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the " 4 Q Bank-

334

Aprilis*

A. 1765.

Bank of 'England, and for making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in- lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had exa-tnined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satislaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, wh'ch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ihe Report in his "Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: When* the Amendments were Once lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Privilege An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more _ effectual, an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign

ar ament. j£}ng William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, an Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Stamp Account shewing the Net Produce of the several Addi-

Duties. tional Stamp Duties, which were granted by an Act of

the 3 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and by an Act of the 2d Year of His present Majesty, for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties of , for the Time being, from the Commencement of the said Additional Duties,-respectively, to the 5th Day of 1765; distinguish-

ing each Year.

Discovery A Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual, of the Two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of ongitude. QUl-en Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons, as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in execution the said Act; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. v Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-. ing next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Weights The Lord Carysfort presented to the House, according and to Order, a Bill for ascertaining and establishing uniform " ure*" and certain Standards of Weights and Measures throughout the Kingdom of Great; and for the affizing

and adjusting of Weights and Measures, agreeable to the said Standards: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

l7

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to AAs the Committee, to whom the Bill to Continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Year of his late Majesty 1& wa*9* King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to subject all Waggons, Carts, or other Wheel Carriages, to be weighed at any Crane, Machine, or Engine, which shall be erected upon any Turnpike Road, although the Wheels thereof are of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches; and also a Clause, or Clauds, to ascertain the Weight to be allowed to be carried by any such Waggons,

Carts, or other Wheel Carriages;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the 12th Day of March iaft, of a Motion for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of Turnpike Roads, by limiting the Weight of Carriages, and erecting Weighing Engines for that Purpose; with the Proceedings of the House thereupon; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the Committee, towtiom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to subject all Waggons, Carts, or other Wheel Carriages, to be weighed at any Crane,

Machine, or Engine, which shall be erected upon any Turnpike Road, although the Wheels thereof are of the Breadth or Gauge of Nire Inches; and also a Clause, or Clauses, to ascertain the Weight to be allowed to be carried by any such W aggons, Carts, or other Wheel Carriages;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas] u" Lowndes,

I Mr. H a- d:

j Mr. Fuller,

{46.

Tellers for the Nops,] Y. ' .

(Mr. ritzmaurtce.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to determine the Distance which any Hedge or Fence, which shall hereafter be made, shall be from the Middle of any such Turnpike Road; and the Distance from the Middle of any such Turnpike Road, within which it shall be unlawful for the Proprietors of Land adjoining to such Road to plough or break up the Soil.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to oblige Stage and other Coaches, Chariots,

Post ChaifeS, and other Carriages of the like Nature, carrying Goods for Hire, not belonging to the Persons travelling the rein, or their Attendants or Servants, and drawn by more than Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, to pay an additional Toll, unless the Wheels thereof shall be fixed in such Manner that they shall not follow' One another, and unless such Wheels shall be of a certain Breadth.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Pro vi lion, that Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, and shoed with rose-headed Nails, be prohibited from passing upon Turnpike Roads.

A Motion was made. That an humble Addrtfs be America* presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously Colonic* pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all such Memorials and Letters, or Extracts thereof, which have been received from Major General Gage, or any other Officer, or Officers, serving iu IS oft h America, so far as they relate to the present j

or

African

Company.

Account;

Bills.

j Supply.

5 Geo. III. ctB Apr $35

or expected Necessity of a Law authorizing the quartering or billeting of His Majesty’s Troops serving in that Country, upon private Houses.

And the said Motion was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre-lenled to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that it Will be difficult, if not impossible, to preserve and maintain the Settlements on that Part of the Coast near Cape Appolonia, unless a Fort should be built there; the building whereof would tend to increase the Trade on the Gold Coast; and that the Petitioners are unable to complete so necessary a Work, without the Assistance of Parliament: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to conlkler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Bills, payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Tranf-ports, and of the Interest marked tHereupon, which, on or before the a6th Day of March last, were brought to the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in order for Certificates to be granted in lieu thereof, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Resolution of this House of the 14th Day of March last.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whore the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That-a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-eight, thousand Two hundred Fifty nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, towards dil'charging such unfinished Claims and Demands, for F.xpences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty for examining and stating such Claims and Demands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Fifty-one thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, upon vcounC> out of the Monies remaining to be applied of the Exceeding- of the several Sums provided by Parliament so; tu ;dry Services, and of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands of the Pay-master General, by Contractors and others, to the 23d Day of March 176 5, towards discharging such unsatis-lied Claims and Demands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Two hundred and Thirty-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for paying a Bounty, for the Year 1765, of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day, to Fifteen Chaplains, and of Two Shillings per Day to Fifteen more Chaplains, who have served

Vol. 30.

Jongeft on board His Majesty's Ships of War; provided it appears, by the Books of the said Ships, that they have been actually borne and muttered thereon, for the Space of Four Years, during the late War with and

Spain-, and provided likewise that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some Fcclefuistical Living, or Preferment from the Crown, dr otliCrvvifc, of the present Annual Value of Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, to- wards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, to maintain and educate, or to place out as Apprentices, such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on Or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1765, inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Dedu<5lion whatsoever.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there* upon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, Foondiibg . upon the 26th Day of March last, were reported from Hospiul. the Committee, appointed to consider of the several Accounts and Estimates, which have been presented to this House, in this or any former Session of Parliament, relating to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children, and who were tq consider of the present State of that Hospital, and of the most proper Means for the future Support and Employment of the Children, who have been received into the said Hospital; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and which were then agreed to by the House; might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed 10 by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the lodging and educating of " Foundling Children within Hospitals, has a Tendency " to make such Children lets fit for laborious and useful " Employments."

" Resolved, That such of the said Children as are of the " Age of Seven Years, or upwards, ought to be forthwith " placed out as Apprentices to Husbandry, Manufactures, or to the Sea or other Service; and that the " rest of them ought to be placed out in like Manner, as " soon as they shall attain that Age, or earlier, if proper Matters can be provided for them."

" Resolved, That the Governors and Guardians of " the said several Hospitals, and also the said Inspectors " in the Country, under the Direction of the said Governors and Guardians, be impowered, with all convenient Speed, to place out the said Children to proper Mailers and Miftrcfles." ’

" Resolved, That there be allowed to every Master or Mistress, who shall take any such Apprentice " upon the Terms hereafter mentioned, a Sum of Money, at the Discretion of such Governors and Guardians, having regard to the Age, Sex, and Ability of " each Child, not less than Five, nor exceeding Ten " Pounds, to be paid at such Time or Times as shall be " agreed UDon, between the Governors and Guardians " and the Matter, for that Purpose."

" Resolved, That no Child should be bound longer " than until his or her Age of Twenty-one Years; and " that the Mailer or Miftrds should be obliged, by proper Covenants, to find and afford the Child all necessary Clothes, Provisions, and Instructions, during the " Term."

" Resolved, That all the Lands and Buildings, purchased, erected, rented, or hiied, and the Stock and " Furniture provided, at all or any of the said Hospitals, except that at London, ought to be Ibid.or dif-

" poled

Silk

Manufacture*

Felimrtharn Inclosure.

Warwick

to

Korthampton

Road.

Hertford

Church#

336 — 3° A 1765.

posed of to the belt Advantage, as soon as the Chil- dren in the said Hospitals can be placed out; and that " the Money arising therefrom be applied in such Manner as Parliament shall direct, for the Benefit of the laid Charity,"

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and also upon the lad of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. K, the Lord Coleraine., Mr. Nugent, Mr. Jackson, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Cafwall, Sir George Mr. Hew at,

Mr. Delaval, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Fane, General Howard, Mr. Paterfnn, Mr. Fernon, Sir Simeon,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. wood, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Nugent, Lord Grey, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Boone, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Fonnerea Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Essex, Cambridge, Bedford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, A Aidants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mydery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, and the several other Petitions relating to Silk, were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 22d Day of this indant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3* die Aprilis;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

OABINE Louijfe Winn took the Oaths appointed, in

order to her Naturalization.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Padures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford, was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley, Mr. Methuen, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hewett, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Shaf-

toe. General Howard, Mr. Fernon, Mr. Sandys, Lord Grey, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Tucker, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Gore, Mr. Price, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Burrard, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Shiftier, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hozvard, Mr. ;and all the'

Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Hertford, Huntingdon, Oxford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Methuen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing the Church of the united Pa-riflies of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gore, Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Wood, Sir George Savile, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Cadogan, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gafroyne, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Pater Jon, Mr. Cafivall, Lord Brownlow' Bertie, Mr. Hobart, Mr. OJbaldefton, Sir' Robert Ladbroke, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gilbert, General Howard, Mr Mr.

Delaval, Mr. Lascelles, Mr Burrell, Mr. Dundas, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Harris, Mr. Major, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Townshend: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Louisa RudoWale and Gregory Wale, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gote, in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Down-ham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Simeon Stuart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from a Street, called The Hundred, at Rom fey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swath/ing, in the County of Southampton, and for conneding the same with the Road leading from the City of Winchester, through Hurftey, to Chandlers Ford, and from Hurjley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; Jtnd also for repairing and widening the Road from the River at Szvath-ling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the said County of; was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where~ the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theft, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

WiiraV

Nit.

W'alw’

Nat.

Chatteria

Ferry

to

Wisbech

Road.

Romsey to _ Swathling Road.

5 Geo. III. 3* dprilis. 337

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wokingham Mr. Shafto reported from the Committee, to whom Indoture. the Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of in the County

Palatine of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confetit to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Niue Persons, whole Property in the said Parish amounts to ^.566. ioj. per Annum; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of £.3,530 10 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refo/ved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Malbrough General Howard reported from the Committee, to Indufure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wafi.es, in or near the Village or Hamlet of in the Township of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true s and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Joseph Kay, who is possessed of an Estate in Land of One

Acre and a Rood in the old Inclosures; and----- Man-

deville, who has Four Acres and Two Roods of the like Lands; and except Benjamin and Richard Drabble, who have no Land, but are entitled to Three Cow Gates; and Penelope Mandeville, who has only One Cow Gate, and who could not be found; and that the whole Land to be inclosed conlifts of 106 Acres; and that there are Forty-seven Cow Gates in the Whole; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the Housei

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bulbeck An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Certain Inclosnrr. Common Moor, or Trad of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 36. After " First," to insert "or Second." 15. 1. 13. After "such," to insert " Reservations " and Powers to and for the lard Lord of the said Manor and such." . 32. 1. 3. To leave out from, " aforesaid" to " and " in 1. 6.

35. I. 11. To leave out from " deceased" to the: - End of 1,

38. 1. 9, After "First," to insert " or Second.".

VOL. 30.

Pr, 38. 1. 10. To leave out from "Ad" to the End. of 1. II.

1. 18. To leave out " then and there," and after " the" to insert "First."

40. l.aa. After " First," to insert "or Second."

1. 23. To leave out from " Meeting" to

" an" in 1. 24.

I.32. After "Second," to insert "orat the , " Third "

41. 1. 5. After "First," to leave out "or."

1. 6. After "Second," to insert "orThird."

46. 1. 15. After "First," to insert "or Second."

1. 30. After "First," to insert "or Second."

1. 32. To leave out "then or," and after

" said" to insert " First."

47. l.i 3. After " First" to insert " or Second."

48. 1. 4. After " First," to insert "or Second."

1. 33. To leave out " Fourteen," and insert

" Thirty."

54. 1. 2. After " Corporate," to insert "accepting Allotments or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act, for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, Or Trad of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dtlaval do carfy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pechelh

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed'to the Amendments, made Tetbury by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuild- Church. *ing the Parish Church and Chancel of in the County of Gloucester:And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,-An Act Doncaster for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or Parcels of Iucl®fure» Land, in the Parishes of Doncaster and Cantley, and for draining and preserving the said Lands, and also several other Lands and Grounds,.in the several Parishes o I Roffingtonand IVadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Welford for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Lifter Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Rbads.

ton, through. Husbands Bosworth and Great Wigfton, to

Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Sebraham for confirming the Allotments of and for inclosing the loclolure. Common and several Waste Lands in the Manor and Parish of Sebraham, otherwise Sebergham, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Seaming for dividing and inclosing the Common called Seaming Indofute.

Common, and the Greens called Pound Green, Pope's Green, and Best’s Greek, lying within the several Manors of Scorning Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern Hall,

Seaming Parva, Guntons, and Rougholme, on the Part of Hoe, or some or one of them, and in the Parish of Scorning, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bilk intituled, An Act for Broxholme’t Sale of the Freehold Estate late of Amie Broxholme, te' Widow, deceased, in the Parish of Saint George, ver Square, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

- And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, pursuant to Redemption their Order.to him on the 28th Day of March last, he of certain

4 R had

Britishi

Fishery.

Penn’s

Exchange.

Kewfoundland

Uhery.

338 Aprilis. 1765*

had signified, by Writing, iftferted in the Ga-

zette of Saturday la ft, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London on Friday fell, the Resoludon of this House of the a8th Day of Match last, "That One Fourth Part " of the capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate " of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in " respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and can* " celled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed and paid off on the 15th Day of December next, after discharging the " Interest then payable in respect of the fame."

The laid Notice inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchangeis as followeth;

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons.

Jovis, 28* die Martii, 1765.

Resolved, That One Fourth Part of the capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy,

Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, that One Fourth Part of the capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable for the fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.-

Which Resolution and Order thus signified and published by me, are to be sufficient Notice of the Re-payment of One Fourth Part of the Principal Sum, for which the said Annuities were established, and of the Redemption of so much of the said Annuities as are attending on the said Fourth Part.

29th March, 1765. J. CustSpeaker.

A Bill for the further Encouragement of the Britishi White Herring Fishery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning the 22d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, upon the said Bill.

Jl. Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angufh and Mr. BeeheU:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement, between the Mailer, Brethren, and Sifters, of the Hospital of the Lord Raftings of Loughborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn, Eiquiro, for exchanging certain Lands and Premises in Stoke Poges aforesaid; and for rendering foe laid Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders of Chnjlchurch, Ringwood, Winbour War eh cm, Weymouth, Bridport, the City of Briflal, the City of Exeter, Dartmouth, and Sidmouth, on behalf of themselves and many others concerned in the Cod and Seal Fishery, and Fur Trade, carried on by His Majesty’s Sutye&s, oh that

Part of the Coast of Newfoundland, lying between Cape Bonavifta and Point Riche, as also on the South and South-West Parts of the said Island of

and of several T adel'men and Manufacturers connected with, or dependent on, the said Trade and Fishery, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That since the Conclusion of the late Treaty of Peace, the Subjects of His Moll Christian Majesty have interrupted the Britishi Subjects in their Fishery j and that, although, in the Year 1763, by Orders from the British Governor* the Effects left by the French on the Coast of Newfoundland were declared to be forfeited, and the Britishi Subjects impowered and required to seize and take to their own Use, or destroy all French Boats left there, yet, to the great Surprise and Disappointment of the Petitioners, these Practices and Proceedings were, by the present Governor’s Orders, strictly forbid for the future; and that the Britishi Subjects are, by the Orders of the present Government, liable to, and in great Danger of being dispoffeffed by foe French of all their Settlements there, which they have made and erected at a great Expence, under the Sanction of an Act of Parliament of the 10th and 1 ith Years of King William the Third, and the Determination of former Governors; by which precarious Situation, they will be reduced to the hard Necessity of abandoning their Settlements, and leaving the French in the entire Pollession of that Coast and Fishery; and that the French have not only presumed to fish in the very Harbours on the South-Well Coasts of the said Island of Newfoundland, but also to land there, and cut and carry away great Quantities of Timber, and have also carried on a considerable Trade in those Parts, by introducing French Goods and Manufactures, in Exchange for which they take and carry away Fish, Oil, and Furs, to the great Detriment of the British Subjects trading the re, and of the Manufacturers of this Kingdom; and representing to the House, that, unless the Subjects of Great Britain are maintained in the Possession of their Settlements, and protected from the above-mentioned Encroachments and undue Practices of the French Subjects, it will be impossible to carry on the Fishery there, whereby that moll valuable Branch of Commerce will infallibly be loll, to the great Injury and Damage of these Kingdoms, and the French Nation become possessed of an exclusive Fishery: And therefore praying the House will be pleased to take the above Premises into Consideration, and grnat such Relief as foe Nature of the same and Importance of the Object may require.

The House was moved, that the 13th Article of the Treaty of Peace, between her late Majesty Queen Anne and his Mod Christian Majesty, concluded and signedat Utrecht, the 31st Day of March 1713, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that Part of an Act, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of foe Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade so Newfoundland, might be read.

And same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-pored, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

And the House being informed, that Captain PaUifer attended at the Door; who could give foe House some Information relative to the Matter then under Consideration;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto;

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the Motion made for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant tg fowir Order,

A Paper,

Af count; Navy Bills.

Agents

lor

Brize Money.

Exportation of Wheat, *c.

Iffe of Id an.

Ways and Means.

5 Geo. III. 3° — 4® 339

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Navy, Victualling, " thereupon, in order to be exchanged for Certifi-M and Transport Bills, delivered on or before the 26th " cates."

K March 1765, into the Office of the Treasurer of His And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Majesty’s Navy, together with the Interest marked The laid Paper is as followeth;

Pay-Office, 3d April, 1763;

AMOUNT of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered on or before the 26th March 1765, into the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, together with the Interest marked thereupon, in order to be exchanged for Certificates, pursuant to a Resolution of the Honourable House of Commons.

£ Certificates for the Integral Sums - 1,346,300 o o

£) for the fradfcional Parts 31,142 n 10

£ *>377*44* n.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is refefred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, fot the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and for the Application thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 24th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Friday the 19th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of Hi* Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcuir, and Starch, during the next Reeds of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time tuay require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 19th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for difeontiowing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday the 22d Day of this Instant April.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vol. 30.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining uniffued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament* for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 23th Day of March 1764, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was dire died by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 19th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee

of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be r$ad a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjoutned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovhy 40 die Apr His \

Anno 5° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, pasted in the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of

Cattle

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Committee*.

Butchers*

Grim ft on Inclosure.

Winn’i

N-u.

Tetford

Church.

Keelby

Inclosure.

Barton Water side House, &c. Road.

Grantham

Roads.

Wilford

Inclosure.

40 A. 1765.

Cattle in Smithfe/d, and for giving Leave for bringing Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the Ixjrdship or Liberty-of , in the County of

felling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by one Butcher ting ham, was read the Third Time.

to another, be now read. Ref That the B;li do pal's: And that the Title And the said Order being read accordingly; be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or upon Thursday the 25th Day of this Instant April. Liberty of in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered Or, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Lords, and desire the r Concurrence.

Thursday the 25th Day of this Instant April.

' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Broxholm*’#

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Amie "*'

mon Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and G rounds, Widow, deceased, in the Parish of St. George, Hanover in Grimflon, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Square, and for laying out the Money arising by such

Time. Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands and He-

Refelved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles reditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the Mor daunt, Mr. Dow defwell, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Town- FirflTime.

jhend, Mr. Torke, Lord Strange, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. ReThat the Bill bo read a Second Time. Lane, Sir jfarrit Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shaft oe-, and all Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Minehead, the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and Northampton, Salop, Warwick, and Stafford: And they keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Pott oa are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Town and Borough of through and

Speaker’s Chamber. Timberjto Hele Bridge, and through the Town of

Dulverton, and by t’re River and Brushford Green, to Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Exbridge, in the County of and from thence

the Bill for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn, was commit- to Bat ham Badge, in the County of Devon, and from ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations Brushfor aforesaid, to II’orth cross, in the Parish of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the of Tiverton, in the said County of Devon; and also Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the the Road leading from the said Port Town and Bo-House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the rough of Minehead, through Carhampton and Billbrooke,

Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. to HGate, in the Parish of in the

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. County of; and also the Hoad leading from

Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Open in the Parish of Saint s, in ti e County of

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and through Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the the Village of Put/ham, and by Long Barn, to

County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, in the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Town of in the county of ;

be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Open Com- and also from the said Town of Watchet, to Tower Hilt, mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Village of in the said Parish of Saint

in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Decuman's-, and also from the said Town of Watchet,

Lincoln. by way of Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill Sticklepath, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Bampton, in the said County of Devon-, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of*

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Open and Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several several Parishes of Keelby and Stallingbourgh, in the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table > Where the Common Fields and Grounds, within the several Pa- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then rishes of Keelby and Stallingbourgh, in the County of a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-Lincoln. tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill House. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterjide House, to Rifeham Hedge, An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Paul Wagner, Wagner*

Corner, and several other Roads, in the County of Lin-was read the Third Time. *',at* coin, therein mentioned, was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pars: And that the Title

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize BenediEl Paul Wagner. be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ordered, That Mr. Shiffner do carry the Bill to the Barton Waterjide House, to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and Lords, and desire their Concurrence, several other Roads, in the County of Lincoln, therein

mentioned. . Mr. Shafto reported from the Committee, to whom Wolfingha*

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill the Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Moors or Inclosure, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Commons, in the Parish of W in the County

Palatine of Durham, was re-committed. That the Com-

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the mittee had made several other Amendments to the Bill;

Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen- which they had directed him to report to the House; ing several Roads, leading from Grantham, in the County and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards of Lincoln, is committed. delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by i One;

Chatteris

Ferry

to

Wisbeach

Road,

Lutcham

ladoiure.

Branfton

lndofuie.

5 Geo. III. 4* Aprilis. 341

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbeach Saint Peters, and from thence, to fid Gate, in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbeach aforesaid, through to

Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk-, and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbeach and March; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16.1. 23. )To leave out " Old Gunthorpe Sluic^," I.24.) and insert " Dam," instead

thereof.

17. 1. 3. To leave out from the beginning of the Line to " provided," in 1. 7.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, tp Wisbeach Saint Peters, and from thence to Tid Gate, in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbeach aforesaid, through Outwell, to Down-ham Bridge, in the Ceunty of Norfolk-, and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbeach and March.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutcham, alias , in the County

of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except Two Persons, who are entitled to Three Common Right Houses in the said Parish; and that the whole Number of Common Right Houses in the said Parish is Forty-two; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the* Bill for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Ciofcs, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Branjion, in the County of the City of Lincoln, was committed.

Mr. Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except Four Persons, who are possessed of iz Acres of Land; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 2,poo Acres, or thereabouts.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the said Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the; Bill, and made, several Amendments there.-Yol. 30.

unto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ig at the Clerk’s Tabk: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put fhcre-upon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. AJontagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Archbishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, of Tythes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for One, Two, or Three Life or Lives, or Twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases, and to bring Actions of Debt for* Recovery of Rents referred, and in Arrear, on Leases for Life or Lives; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Timas limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish, in Fish Ponds and other Waters; and Conies in Warrens; and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton; \ and from

Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, «in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, w'ithin the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Appleton and Lymm, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing tire Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the County, of, York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Aukborough, in the County of Lincoln -, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold Estates, in the several Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bucks, and -

sex, and in the City of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several Legacies, or Portions, bequeathed by the Will of William Holling-. worth, Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein,

4 S mentioned;

E Hates of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

Enlarging Times, for executing certain A§s.

Fifti and Rabbit Stealing.

Great

Grimly

Roads.

Manchester

and

Salford

Streets.

Appleton and

Lymm

Inclosure.

Spratton

Inclosure.

Cropton

Inclosure.

Aukborough

Inclosure.

Holling-

worth's

Estate.

34*

4° Jprilis.

A\ 1765*

Westbrook’s

EiUte.

mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence Pr. 12. 1. u. Leave out of Ten Shillings of lawful

of this i-kmfe: And also, M* Money of Great Britain."

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for the laid Amendment being read a Second Time, was, diverting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Repre- upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the tentative of Edmund Heeler, deceased, the several Free- House.

hold Estates of the late William Westbrook, Esquire, de- That Lord Brownlow do carry the Bill

ccaled, in the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

Surrey, and in the City of London; and for vesting the agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships* same in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Rich Per-

fons as may already have contrafted, or shall hereafter Lord Bertie reported from the Committee*

eontraft, to become the Purchasers of any Parts or to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Shares thereof, under the Difeftions of the Court of from Alford to and from thence to Cowbridge, in

Chancery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of the County of Lincoln, was re-committed, That the

Bank of England.

this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the lieftory of the Parish Church of Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor and

Doirttiln’a

Ellate.

Aflackby and Dow(by I nt lol'ii re-

Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him toreport tothcHoule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table :Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and,

J 4 , J v vU I j <* UCWUU A lliicj Wliv , Chill!}

Company of the Bank of England, and for making a Re- upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed compence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Sue- to by the House.

cessors, in lieu thereof was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of the Parish.Church of Saint in the City o(f London, in the Governor and Company of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Moor,

die Bank of England, and for making a Recompence to and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu within the Manor of in the County Palatine of

thereof , and for obviating certain Doubts in an Act, was committed. That thtf Committee had exa-

passed in die Thirty-third Year of the lieign of his kite mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

’ " r be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except Thomas Farnworth, who is poflerted of an Estate of about 30 a Year, in respect whereof he is entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor, who cculd not be found; and that all the Estates having such Right are of the yearly Value of 3,000 or upwards); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made teve-ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Paffiges, within the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Morgan, junior, and Mr. Charles Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling ^art of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Esquire, in Pocklingtonfand elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman, the younger, his eldest Son, affecting the fame; and for making Provision for Robert Dolman, the younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman, the elder; is committed.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain

Common Fen, in the Parishes of Aflackby and Dowfby, in ingrossed

the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen, was committed; That the Committee had Mr- reported from the Committee, to whom

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same the Bid for dividing^nd inclosing the Open and Com-to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

Auk borough indofure.

their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except Two Persons, whose Property amounts to £. 14. 12*. 6 d.per Annum; and that the whole Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed and drained amount to £.2,060. 1 or. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shulford, in the Parish of Swacliffe, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; (except Ann Deen, John Winter, William Winter, Samuel Samuel Hawk, and

Thomas Youick, who are possessed of Ten Yard Lands and an Half, who refofed to sign the Bill, because the Allotment to the Impropriators was to be mounded at the Expence of the other Proprietors; and also except Samuel Ellis and John Cockbill, who are possessed of Three Yard Lands and an Half, and who refuted to sign the Bill, because they were about felling their Estates; and that the whole Lands to be inclosed consist of 26 Yard Lands and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report

Grounds, in the Parish of Aukborough, in the County of to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Lincoln. afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fol- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once loweth; viz. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

... . and.

Alford*

See

Road.

Walkden

Inclosure.

Stanford

Inclosure.

Holling-

worth’*

Estate.

Westbrook’i - EiUte.

Accounts; Sugar and Coffee*

Ways and Means.

5 Geo. III. 40 Aprihs. 34}

And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold Estates, in the several Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bucks, and Middlesex, and ifi the £ity of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several Legacies, or Portions, bequeathed by the Will of William wor/h, Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Represen tat ive or Representatives of Edmund Neeler, deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late William Westbrook, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of London-, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to such Persons as may already have contrafted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Covvrt of Chancery; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported from the British Plantations in America, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of British Raw or Muscovado Sugar, exported from England, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And

also.

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee imported into England,-from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distin-

guishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported, and the Amount of the Duties thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from England, from Christmas 1753 to 1764; distin-

guishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties repaid on Exportation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered In at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, in case the Monies, lor which Certificates have been or shall be granted, in pursuance of a Resolution of this House, of the 14th Day of March last, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, or his Paymaster Or Cashier, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for and in respect of Navy', Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out on or before the 30th Day of June 1764, and for and in respect of such fractional Parts of the said Bills, as remained above the entire Sums of One OMnore hundred Pounds, together with the Sums paid and payable at the Bank of with the Cer-

Vol. 30.

tificates for such fractional Parts, and for such of the said Bills, as, together with the Interest computed there upon, do not amount to One hundred Pounds, shall not, on the 5th Day of this instant April, make up the full Sum of£. 1,500,000, the Monies which shall be so wanting to complete the said Sum of^. 1,500,000, to be raised by Contributions, to be received at the Bank of England, in entire Sums of One or more hundred Pounds, to be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, on or before the 18 th Day of this instant; and that the Contributors be entitled for the Monies lo by them respectively advanced, to such Annuities, Benefits, and Advantages, as are mentioned in the said lle-solution, to be allowed to the Proprietors of Certificates, granted in Exchange for such Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, as shall have been delivered on or before the respective Days therein limited.

Resolved, That it* is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighty thoul'and Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1764, be issued and applied towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fop the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Ridley, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, and Mr. Prowse, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Charges for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between London and the British Dominions in America, and within the said Dominions; and for amending, explaining, extending, and enforcing several other Provisions in the said Act, and other Acts relating to the Revenue of the General Letter Office or Poll Office, and Office commonly called the Penny Poll Office: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for ascertaining and establishing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the affizing and adjusting of Weights and Measures agreeable to the said Standards; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon the 23d

Day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday the 19th Day of this instant April.

A Petition of Edward Montagu, Agent for the Colony of Virginia, praying to be heard by his Counsel, against such Parts of the Bill, to render more effectual an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as authorize the Quartering of Soldiers in private f Joules, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being proposed, that the said Petition be brought up;

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 16th Day of 1754, rclat-

ing

Insolvent

Debtors*

Supply Bill; Duties on Pottage.

Weights and . Measuri*

Adjourn-

ment.

Petition from the Virginian Agent against the

Mu liny Bill*

Kewfoundl: nd

Trade,

Clandestine

Marriage*.

Difenvery of the Longitude,

Army;

Mutiny

and

Defcition.

344 4° "*9°

ing to the Petition of William Esquire, Agent for

His Majesty’s Province of the Bay in

America, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now

read.

And the Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate, upon the Motion made Yesterday, That the Petition of several Merchants and Traders of Poole, Christchurch, Ringwood, , Wareham, Weymouth, and Rridport, the City of the City of

Exeter, Dartmouth, and Sidmouth, on'behalf of themselves

and many others concerned in the Cod and Seal Fishery, and Fur Trade, carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects on that Part of the Coast of Newfoundland, lying between Cape Bonavifta and Point Riche, as also on the South and South West Parts of the said Hland of Newfoundland, and of several Tradesmen.and Manufacturers connected with, or dependent on, the said Trade and Fishery, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

And the House being informed, that Captain Palliser, who was examined Yesterday, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, further examined, in relation to the Matter under the Consideration of the House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Captain Palliser be again called in;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^\ff°HarryPowletl:}

TeHers for he Noesfj^"; j .6.,

So it pafl"ed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Report frorp the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arilen, or may arile, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees; was committed; be received upon Friday the 19th Day of this inllant April.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday the 2 2d Day of this instant April, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and rendering more effectual Two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in execution the said Act.

Ordered, That the Bill to render more effectual an Act, palfed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and

Aprilis. A. 1765.

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be read a Second Time, upon Friday the 19th Day of this instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Friday, the 19th Day of this instant April, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Veneris, 19" die;

Anno 5* Georgii III1" Regis, 1765. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Iin the County of Somerset, in the room of Joseph To/fon Lockyer, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Louisa Rudo/phina Wale and Gregory Wale, was reed a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Core, Sir William Codr ing ten, Mr. Hume, Mr. Drake, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Morton, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Grey, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Wilson, Sir Richard Mill,

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Edmonjlor.e, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, xMr. Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Lane, Sir John Glynne , Mr. Methuen, Mr. Eames, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Clayton, Sir Richard Glyn, Mr. Herne, Mr. Dempfler, Lord Gather lough, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Darner, Lord Lome, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr. Burrell,

Air. Reynolds, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Touchet, Mr. bie, Mr. Butler, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Maw bey, Mr. Bacon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Mols Ground, called Chatmofs, within the Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, w-as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chatmofs, within the Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge to;

and for amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altriin the County Palatine of Chester; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 24th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge to; and for amending the Road from Crofsford aforesaid, to a

certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Scalford, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read a Secqnd Time.

' Resolved,

I velc heller Writ.

Wale’*

Nat.

Walkden

Inclosure.

Crofsford

Bridge,

tcc.

Road,

Scalford

Incl.sure.

Warwick

to

Kortliampton

koad.

Cocker ington

Inclosure.

Aflack by

and

Dowfbv

ladosure.

Crowe's

E&ues.

5 Geo. III. 190 Aprilis- 345

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Lords, and acquaint them, tint this House hath agreed Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Ban e, Mr. Methuen, to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Drake, Sir William Codrington, Kir. Tozvnshend,

Mr. Delaval, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Lut- Mr. Dempfer reported from the Committee, to whom Tay

trell. Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Lewis, the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Tay, at of Bridge.

Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Whitworth, Sir near the Town of Perth, in the County of was

Ermine Wodehoife, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clive, Sir Kendrick committed. That the Committee had examined the A 11c-

Clayton, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Damer, Sir James Dashwood, gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, 1-ord Coleraine, Mr. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Mawbey, Mr. Cujl, General Howard, Mr. liobinfon, Mr. made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

Byde, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Shifftier, Sir directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Fonnereau, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bacon-, and with the Amendments, in at tire Clerk’s Table: Where

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, the Report was read.

Northampton, Stafford, Warwick, and Derby: And they Refo That the f fid Bill here-committed,

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Resolved, That tire laid Bill be re-committed to the the Speaker’s Chamber. Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Fen Branfton Great Bridge, in the Borough' of Warwick, through Grounds, Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood lugs Sike Closes, inclqiurr. Southamand Daventry, to the Town of Northampton, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable

was read a Second Time. Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Methuen, County of the City of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Mr. Fonnereau, Colonel Barre, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Drake, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Webb, Sir be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds,

William Codrington, Mr. Robmfon, Mr. Delaval, T\x John Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Cloles, Open Glynne, Mr. Barrozv, Mr. Cufl, Sir George Pocock, Mr. and Common Fields, and other Comqaonable Lands and

Byde, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Up- Grounds, in the Parish of Brcnston, in the County of the ton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tozvn- City of Lincoln.

field, Mr. Gore, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Ordered, That Lord Robert Bertie do carry the Bill to Garth, Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Damer, Mr. die.Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prowse, Mr. Clive, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Pater-

son, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle-, and all the Members who An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eroxolmeli

serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxford, for Sale of the Freehqld Estate late of Amie Broxolme,

Bucks, and Worcester:And they are to meet this Aityr- Widow, deceased, in the Parish of George, Hanover noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Square, and for laying out the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchascof other Freehold Lands and Here-An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read a Se-Opeii Common Arable Fields, in the Parishes of North cond Time.

Cockerington and South Cockerington, in the County of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William.

Lincoln, was read the Third Time. CodringtMr. Martin, Sir. Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Shuttlez Mr. Dempster, Lord Grey, Mr. be, Aji Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- Mr. LaSir Tynte, Mr Mr. mon Arable Fields, in the Parishes of North Cockerington Coventry, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr. Cuf, Lord

and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln. Strange, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Colonel Barrel,

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill Mr . BaMr. Drake, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Plumptre, Mr. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Meyrick,

Mr. Sandys, Marquis of Lome, Nit. Boulton, Mt. Bur-. An ingrossed Bill for dividing, and inclosing..a certain rell, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Mawbey, and all

Common Fen, in the Parishes of Afiackby and D&wfby, the Members who serve for the Counties of Mid(Uefex, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improv- Essex, Hertford, Bucks, Surrey, and Kent: And they are ing the said Fen; was read the Third Time. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Speaker’s Chamber, be. An Act for dividing and inylofingji certain Common

Fen, in the Parishes of Afiackby and Dowfby, in the Mr. Lawrence reported frojli the Committee, to whom Knowfley’* County of Lincoln;. and for draining and improving the the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ERare< ,said Fen; and also certain inclosed Low Grounds, ad- veiling the settled Estate of John Knowfley and joining to the said Fen. beth, his Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees, to

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill be conveyed pursuant to certain, Articles for the Pur-.to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. chafe thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby

stipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other Lands, to- Mr. Cholmley. reported from the Committee, to whom be charged and settled' in Manner as therein mentioned; the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for was committed; That the Committee had examined the veiling Part of the settled Estates of Chnflopher Crowe, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

; Esquire, in the County of York, in him, in Fee Simple; and that the Parties concerned had given their- Content and for settling other Estates, in the same County, in to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and lieu thereof, was committed, That the Committee had that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the to the House, without any Amendment; and he deli,-fame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had vered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of And the said Bill was read the Third Time, the Committee; and that the Committee had directed . Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

.him to report the Bill to thy House, without any Amend- Ordered, That Mr. Lawrence do carry the Bill to the ment; and.he delivered the Bill.in. a.t the Clerk’s Table. Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed And the said Bill was read thq Third Time. to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr, Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Mr. Hezvelt reported from the Committee, to whom Dolman’* Yol. 30. ' 4T the

346 19* Aprilis. 1765.

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Fart of the settled Estates of Robert

Esquire, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman, the younger, his eldest Son, affecting the lame; and for making Provision for Dolman, the younger, and for the younger Children of Robert Dolman, the elder; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the , Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the lame, without any Amendment.

Winn’s An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe , at* was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Southwark An ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts, passed in the Dart ford fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in Roadi. the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street and Bermondsey , to

ford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent; and for extending the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike, to the "Well End of Stroud Green, and to the End of Bromley Common next Farnborough, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt-Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee; and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the 2ad Year of King George the Second, for opening and making anew Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dart-ford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewifham, next Bromley and Beckenham, in the County of Kent; and for extending the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green; and to Farnborough Well, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt-Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee-, and from the West End of Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warren-, and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in execution an Act of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

dofare ingrossedm for dividing and inclosing Two

Moors or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of Warke, and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Moors or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of Warke, and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. PaterJ'on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Grant row and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Indofui*. dows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 26. After "Year," to insert "next before " he or flie shall so become leifed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A nd that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and W;afte Ground, in the Lordship and Liberties of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Howard to confirm and establish Exchanges of Land, at Dork- (^nd others) ing, in Surrey, between Charles Howard, Esquire, and Exehan£e* Edward Walter, Esquire, and between the said Charles Howard and Johnathan Tyers, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Waller, Mr. Maw-

bey, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle,

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bull, Mr. Wilson, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Grey, Sir Charles

daunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Bouverie, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Fon-nereau, Mr. Ward, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Onslow, Sir John Glynne, Mr. ShiffnMr. Edmonflone, Mr. Hume, Mr. Pat erf on, Mr. Upton, Mr. Byde, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the CouDties of Surrey, Sussex, Essex, Kent, Middlesex, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the clandestine Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Marriage*, repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Ciandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring,

5 Geo. III.

19° Apr

347

daring, that solemnizing Marriages between Persons under Age, by Publication of Banns, shall not subject 4he Parson to Ecclesiastical Censure.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Claul'e was amended. Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put

thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of of Dorset and Devon.

Road from Penn Inn, in the County of , to the koyal Workhouse at the East End of the Town of in the County of Devon, and to the Road from the In-trcnchment on Asherfwell Hill to Penn , and from Bridport to Beamifler; and for repairing and amending several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties

to

Bill*

the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ms of Man. Resolved', That an humble Address be presented to I lis Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- pair, the Read leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of through Etching-

ham, and Bunvash, to the Extent of the said Parish of

Burwafb, in the said County.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, pafifed in the Third Year of His

Account of such Proceedings as have been had since the present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and 27th Day of February last, in pursuance of so much of keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cam* an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the bridge to and from thence to; and for build* Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for ing a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called the Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenues of the Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge-, and for Customs, Excile, and Inland Duties, as impowered the repairing and widening and making several other Roads Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widen-

Treasury for the time being, to treat with the Pro prietors of the Isle of Man, for the absolute Purchase or Sale, Release or Surrender, of the said lile to the Crown.

ed by the said Act,

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Pari fit of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His of Brenchley, Horsemonden, and by the Left

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Hand Side of Idea Green, to the Turnpike Road oil Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Royal Assent to

Bills.

A Message by Sir Septimus Robinson,

Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

Wiljley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke-, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Mar* Gentleman den, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Undgrden Green in Marde aforesaid, to Green,

in the County of Kent.

An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold, in

Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Baiby, in the County of York, toWorkj'of, in the County Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme- of Nottingham.

diate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the ReigA of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, at the Desire bury, and several other Roads in the said Act mention-of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com- ed; and also for repairing and widening several other mission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Roads, leading out of the said Roads; and for other Where a Commission under the Great Seal, was read; Purposes therein mentioned.

giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of fe-several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and veral Acts of the Ninth and Twelfth Years of Queen alfp impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Anne, and of the Thirteenth of King George the First, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord and of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repair- President of the Council, the Lord Chamberlain of His ing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County Majesty’s Household, and several other Lords, to de- of to Wansford Bridge, in the County of

clare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and Huntingdon, fb far as relates to the Middle and South that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Divisions of Roads comprised in the said Acts; and Lord President of the Council; and the Earl of March- for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon, wont, named also in the said Commission; did accord- to the at or near the West End of the Town,

ingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon.

Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish, pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wro-in Fish Ponds and other Waters; and Conies in War- them Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike rens; and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies of Surrey.

therein. An Act for repairing, and widening the Road from

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to

Acts, of the Thirteenth of George the First, arid of the in the County of Kent.

Sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County the South End of Newton Abbot, to the Passage Way in of Wilts; and for amending several other Roads near Kingszvear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardnefsand the said Town; and for repealing so much of an Act, from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Road, between Newton Abbot and Totness, towards Ab- Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, bots Kerfwell, to Five Lanes, and from Barn

in the said County, as relates to the Road within the to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot and Town of Heytesbury; and for other Purposes therein and from Galmpton War borough to Monks Bridge

mentioned. and Brixham Quay; and from Langvers Barn, to the North

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so End of Paington Town-, all in the County of Devon. much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of ’ An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads the Sign of The Coach and Hcrfes in Birflall, to the in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrooki and from Bradley Lane, Vol. 39. to

348 \c? Aprilis*

Royal Assent to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the mon Fields Lands, and Grounds, in Brantingham and County of York. Thorpe in the Parish of , in the

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from East Riding of the County of York.

Keybery Bridge to the Passage at Sha/ldon, and from, the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corn-

laid Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the mon Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Common-County of De^jon. able Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Dr ay rot,

An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and in the Parish of Bourton, in the County of for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of

Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester. ,in the County of Northampton.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corn-repairing the Road from Stump Cross, to Newmarket mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foul- Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish mire, to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto, of in the County of Northampton.

so far as the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Cambridge, and the Lid other Roads adjoining thereto. mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common-.

An Act for repaying, widening, and keeping in Re- able Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snitfield, pair, the Road from. Welford Bridge, in the County otherwise Snitterfield, in the County of of Northampton, through Husbands Bofworthand Great An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands

Wigs ton, to Mi/fion Lane, in the Town of Leicester. and Grounds, lying in the Parish of in the

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from County o

' Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Sand End* to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm, Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County in the County of Lincoln.

of Lincoln. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lenchzvich and Nor-on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding ton, and the Borough of Evesham, in the County of the House belonging to the Iieftor of the said Parish;

and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tene- An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or ments thereon, to render the Padages to and from the Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Doncaster and Cant-laid Church and House more commodious. ley; and for draining and preferr ing the said Lands,

An Act for clea'nfing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the several

and Pafi#ge>, within the Towns of Manchester and S- Parishes of Rofiington and Wadworth, in the West Riding ford, inf' the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for pro- of the County of York.

viding Fire Engines and Firemen, and for preventing An Act for confirming the Allotments of, and for in-

Annoyances, within the said Towns. closing, the Common and several Waste Lands, in the

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Manor and Parish of Sebraham, otherwise in

Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, the County of Cumberland.

and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called

Flamborough, in the County of York. Seaming Common, and the Greens called Pound Green,

An Act for dividing and allotting the Commons or Pope's Green, and Bell’s Green, lying within the several Wastes, and the Common Fields and Ings, In the Manor Manors of Seaming Hall, Drayton Hall, and Northern and Township of Everingham, in the County of YorkHall, Seaming Parva, Guntons, and Roughulme, on the and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Part of Hoe, or some or one of them, and in the Parish

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- of Seaming, in the County of Norfolk. jnon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Com-within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Hornton, hion Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish in the Parish of Horley aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, and Liberties of Spratton, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Meadows, and Stinted Pastures, in the Township of Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cropton, in the Fenton, in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of County of; and for other Purposes thereinrr.cn-Lincoln, and a certain Free Common, called the Eafi tioned.

1 Moor, in the same Parish. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Ma-.Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, io the Town- nors of Appleton and Lymm in the County of Chester.

ship and Parish of Newton, in the County of Lincoln, and An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and certain Rights of Pasture in Kettlethorpe, in the said County. Grounds, in the Township of Kirkhammerton, in the

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York.

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com- An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange mon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor agreed to be made between Thomas Holies, Duke of of Wtllingborough, and of and in the Manor of Welling- cafUe, and Margaret Duchess Dowager of

borough, "formerly belonging to the College of Irtling-Portland, of several Parts of their settled Estates, in the borough, and in the Parish of Wellingborough, in (he County of Nottingham; and for settling the Lands given County of Northampton. ‘in Exchange to each Party, to such Uses, as the Lands for

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common which the same are exchanged stood settled.

Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Com- An Act for vesting an Ellate, called Woodlands, in the mouable Lands, lying within the Parish of Lowdham,m ‘ County of belonging to the Mailer, Fellows,

the County of Nottingham. and Scholars of the College, called Clare Hall, in the

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Often and University of Cambridge, in William Earl of Shelburne,

Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of and his Heirs.

Benton, in the East Riding of the County of York. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- between the Mailer, Brethren, and Sifters, of the Hof-,j-non Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerker, in the Parish 1 pital of the Lord Hafiings of Loughborough, founded at ?of Brantingham, in the East Riding of the County of York. Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- pfquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premises in

20 " ‘ Stoke

r

5 Geo. III.

x 90 Aprilis.

349

Stoke Poges aforesaid, and for rendering the said Agreement mote effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

An Act to enable Fanny Spinster, a Minor, to

convey, assign, and settle, her Peal and Personal Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her intended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges, Baronet.

An Act for Sale of certain Lands, in the County of Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint George, Btoomsbury, in the County of and for applying

the Money arising the reby, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector.

An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money arising by the Sale of a House in Tel hin the County of

and by Donations of several Persons, for re-building the Parish Church and Chancel of aforesaid.

An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements in the Coin ty of Cumberland, late the Estate of fVII Dobin-Jbti, Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children of JosephBanks, his Nephew, deceased.

An Act to dissolve the Marring. of John , with Hester Spencer, his new U ife, a d to enable him to marry

again; and for other Purpose* therein mentioned.

An Act to enable Brigg , Esquire, and his IfTuc, to take and ole the Surname of and to bear the

Arms of Sir Andrew Fount tint, Knight, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing Rosa Peregrina

Townsend, Wife of James Esquire.

An Act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernest John Michael Platz, and Rudolph Lerr.ann.

An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Jamt, Christopher John Schultz, John Gottfried Kiotz, Erdmann Lhtijlopher Riemann, and Bernhard Johann Heifchemann.

Reflating Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Broking restrain the ill Practice of brokers: And that Mr. Maw-bey, Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to copfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, that the First «nd Third of the Resolutions, which, upon the 14th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the said Petition, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That, for the more effectual Protection " and Encouragement of the Trade to Africa, the Fort " of Senegal, and its Dependencies, and all other the British " Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape be vested in " His Majesty."

" ResolveeJ, That the British Forts and Settlements " upon the Coast of Africa, lying to the Southward of " Cape Rouge, do continue vested in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establflhment to be made upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Three Independent Companies of Foot to be raised for His Ma-

Vol. 30. ....

jesty’s Service on the Coast of Africa, from the 25th of December 1764, to the 24th of December 1763, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Theft the House resolved itself into the said Committee.;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the Hotlfe, that he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tc consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportitiou resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wheat* the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat,

Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at f’uch Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful;

Ordered, That the said Order bepoftponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

rInc House was moved, that the Second of the Resolutions which, upon the 14th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February last, and which Resolution was, upon the said 14th Day of March, agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, for defraying the Expence of main-

taining the said Forts and Settlements, as well as for " the Benefit and Encouragement of the Manufactures " of this Kingdom, it may be proper to continue the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great *' Britain only; and to lay a Duty upon the Re-exporta*

" tion thereof from Great Britain

Ordered, That the said Resolution be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Theft tnc House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to repprt when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterfonalfo acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave tt> fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cotifider further of Ways and Means fat raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

4 U The

A-mv; Mutiny and Deration.

Exportation

of

Wheat.

Trevelyan’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Bristow'*

Estates.

Phelps's

Estate.

Wy chc’s Estate.

Countess

of

Burlington’:

Estates,

Vernon's

Estate.

350

190 — ao° Aprilis. A. 1765.

The other Order of the Day being read,

The Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrow-Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Portions provided by the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan, Baronet, and Dame Julia his Wife, for their younger Children, veiled Interests, lb that the same may be raised nd paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Life Time of their Father; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Bristow, Esquire, in the county of ,

and for applying the Monies arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Pait of the Real Ellate of Mary Phelps, Widow, deceased, given and devised by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Peter tVyche, Esquire of Goadby alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of in

Trull, to be conveyed to the Moll noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of late Countess

1 Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for inverting Part of the Money arising by such Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt affecting the same Premises, and the Re-lidue thereof in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now Hand limited, or so many of them as shall be then existing; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of in the County of Chester, Part of the Ellate of Henry Vernon, Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and aflecting the fame, previous to the said Settlement; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 20*'die

Anno 5* Georgii III1* Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-v count of the Quantities of Wrought Siiks imported into this Kingdom since Christmas last} distinguishing from what Countries.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Real Ettate of Mary Phelps, Widow, deceased, given and deviseu by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, was read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Portions provided by the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan, Barone1, and Dame Jidia his Wife, for their younger Children, veiled Interests, so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Life Time of their Father} and for other Purposes therein mentioned} was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of John Bristow, Esquire, in the County of Norfolk, and for applying the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Peter fVyche, Esquire, at Goadby, alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of in Trull, to be conveyed to the Mod noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Pallure, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Pallure, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bridge, at the East End of Banbury, in the County of Oxford,

fhroqgh

Account*

Silk.

Phelps's

Estate.

T revelvan’s Marriage Settlement.

Bristow*

Estate*.

Wychc*

Estate.

Carlton upon Trent inclosure/

Banbury,

&c.

Road.

5 Geo. III.

20° aip

through Daventry and C, to the South End of

Midfield, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester; and that the Road leading out of the Turn-pike Road, in Banbury aforesaid, at or near a Place called rarfons Lane, and down the same Lane, to the East End of the said Bridge, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Iaft-mentioned Road, in such Manner as to the Houl'e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord North, Mr.

Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. , Mr. Lord

Howe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coventry, Lord Grey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Drummond, Sir George Savile, Mr. He wett, Mr. Let vis. Sir John burner, Mr.' Hunter, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Edmund 'Thomas, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grey, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Whateley, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Riceand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Westbrook’j An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for divesting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Representative or Representatives, of Edmund Neeler, deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late William West brook, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of London -, and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to such Persons as may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Mr. Wauchope, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Morgan, Mr.

Mr. Dyson, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Lord North, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Sir Ed-

mund Thomas, Mr. Harley, Mr. Cook, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Grey, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Grey, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.

Touchet, Mr. Cust, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Harris, Mr. Paterson, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Essex, Sussex, Surrey and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vemon’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook, in the County of Chester, Part of the Ellate of Henry Vernon, Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affefting the lame, previous to the said Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wad worth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe-

ipclosure. veral Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Walles, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Voi/. 30.

351

Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Walles, lying and being within the Parish of Wadwcrth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Bawtry Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Netting-ham, to Thorp Hall Mill, in the County of Lincoln-, and Road*, from West Raiftn to Pilfard Bridge-, and from the Great Road, about Six Furlongs Welt of Bridge

to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Crowle-, and from Snow Sewer to Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln -, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1 a. 1. 30. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and, " in Line 32.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to ton, in the County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dex-thotpe and Langton, and from West RaiJin to Pi ford Bridge-, and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth, and from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- Long mon Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Wallc Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive

of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot, which lies in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 49.1. 39. After " Year," to insert " next before he or she shall so become seised."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot, which lies in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Countef* for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Dorothy late of Countess Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold "* and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for inverting Part of the Money arising by such Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt affecting the same Premises, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Manors,

Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now Hand limited, or so many of them as shall be then exiiling; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, Grimston to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosicg the Open inclosure.

and

352

20° Apr ills. A. 1765.

Ratcliff

Htghway

and

Shadwrll

Road*.

Supply.

and Common F elds, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds in Grimston, in the County of Leicester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thomas Babington, Esquire, who is Lord of the Manor and Patron of the Vicarage, but has no other Property with'n the said Fields, who refilled to sign the Bill, but made no Objection thereto; and also except William Gamble, who has Three Roods of Land within the said Fields, but r.o Common Right; and that the whole Fields contain about One Thousand Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill*and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question five rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Beauchamp reported from the

Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Acb, made in the 47th Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff , through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads

in the said Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads; was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read'in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w'ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in the repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Refotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for building a Block House, at or near Cape Appolonia, on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred Ninety-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings Four Pence, and One Eighth ef a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for His Majesty’s Service, on the Coast of Africa; and for Provi-fi ms for the lame; from the Twent}-fifth Day of December 1764, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December

16

1765, both Days inclusive; being Three hundred and Sixty-five Days.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of a Civil Establishment, upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, liiuate between the Port of Sallee in South and Cape

Rouge, for the Year 1765.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

To leave out " Fifteen," and insert " Thirteen," instead thereof; to leave out "repairing," and after " Africato add " and putting the said Forts into

" better Repair."

And the Question being put. That the Word "Fifteen " stand Part of the said Resolution;

It pasted in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Thirteen " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the other Amendments were, upon the Qyeftioa severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast (ft1 Ajrica, and putting the said Forts into better Repair.

The subsequent Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the K.elcluiions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to fils Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred thou'.knd Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not dnehargeu, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1766, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exc’iequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, of the Monies drifen, or to arise, out of such of the Duties granted, or continued, by an A<9fc, made in the last Session of-Parliament, as were thereby referred to be disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations; and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded islands, for the Year 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Sixpence be laid upon every Hundred Weight of Gum Senega, or Gum Arabic, imported into this Kingdom, over and above all Duties now payable thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Thirty Shillings be laid upon every

Hundred

Wav* and Mcafis-

African

Company.

Accounts;

Coffee.

Chocolate.

Monies paid into the Bank pursuant to certain Resolutions.

Answer to Address for Account.

Isle of Man.

5 Geo. III. 20° Jprilis353

Hundred Weight of Gum Senega, or Gum Arabic, exported out of this Kingdom, over and above all the Duties now payable thereupon.

The laid Resolutions being feveraity read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the First, Third, and Fourth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General, Mr: Solicitor General, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Dy,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the 14th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa-, and which was then agreed to by the House; might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" ReJ'olved,. That, for defraying the Expence of " maintaining the said Forts and Settlements, as well " as for the Benent and Encouragement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, it may be proper to " confine the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa " to Great Britain only; and to lay a Duty upon the " Re-exportation thereof, from Great ."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties upon Coffee, for the lad Ten Years; distinguishing so much thereof as hath arisen upon Coffee imported from the British Plantations in America, and from other Places, in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties upon Chocolate, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been paid at the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Resolutions of this House of the 14th Day of March last, and the 4th Day of this instant April.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the 'House, that their Address of Yesterday, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He Will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Contract made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the 12th of his " late Majesty King George the First, between the " Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the " Duke and Duchels of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of " the said -Island and its Dependencies, under certain " Exceptions therein particularly mentioned."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The laid Paper was also read.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Vol. 30.

carrying into execution a Cohtrad, tftade pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, bet' 1 n the Commissione:* of his Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchels of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and t&eir Trustees, for the PuFchafe of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner. Mr Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Mr;

Paterfhn, and Mr. Philip Carteret Webb, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Aufierfield, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of rhe Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing Persons to assign their Mortgages.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring the Commissioners to have regard to the Quality as well as Quantity of the Lands to be allotted.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the -

ham Turnpike Road, near Tanfiey, in the County of Derby; and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March\Om thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

4 X Resolveedr

AufterficM

lnciolurc.

Mansfield

to

Keiftidge

Road*

Militia

Pay and

Clothing.*

Bourn

Drainage.

Shrevfbury

to

Bridgenorth

Hoad.

Romsey

to

Swathling

Road.

3 54 10° — 22° 1765.

Resolved , That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between B oft oh Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 266 Common Rights, of which the Proprietors of 84 Common Rights refilled to lign the Bill, and the Proprietors of 182 Common Rights could not be met with; and that the whole Number of Common Rights amounts to 1,533; and a!so except the Proprietors of 1,116 Acres, of which the Proprietors of 344 Acres refilled to sign the Bill; and the Proprietors of 772 Acres could not be met with; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be drained, exclusive of Common Fen Land, amounts to 13,414 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments> in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally ,put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the fell were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuncEy 220 die Aprilts \

Anno f Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Harley, Much

fV*nlock, by Muckley Cro/s, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, 1'hat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock,

by Muckley Croft, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Street, called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at in the County of Southampton, and for connecting the same with the Road leading from the City of fVin-

chester, through Hurflty, to Chandlers Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and a!fb for repairing and widening ti e Road leading from the Rrver at Swathling afarefa d, through Botley, to the Turnpike Roa J at Heath,

in the said County of Southampton-, was read the Thud Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing aid widening the Road leading from a Street, called The Hundred, at through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton, and for connecting the feme with the Road leading from the City of Winchester, through Hursley, to Chandlers Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Sir Simeon Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Kllates, late of Elizabeth Cary, Widow, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the feme to Robert Child, Esquire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of lVolfingham, in the County Palatine of Durham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 38. To leave out " dr Second."

Pr. 9. 1. 11. To leave out "Ninth," and insert "Second" instead thereof.

1. 12. To leave out " September' and insert " November" instead thereof.

1. 13. To leave out "Five," and insert "Six" instead thereof.

1. 39. After "shall," to insert "with {efpeft to " this Division."

Pr. 13.1.11. After " Meeting," to insert " or any " one of them."

Pr. 19. 1. 5. To leave out " Six," and insert " Seven" instead thereof.

Pr. 20. I.12. After " lett," to insert "or might " have been lett."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Moors or Commons, in the Parish of IVolJingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Shafto do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

e

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands

and

Canr*s E dates.

Wolftnphia

lnciohire.

Grimftoq

Inclosure.

355

Stockport, jk c. Roads*

J.yfeough’j

imitate.

Account;

Stamp

Duties.

Militia Fay and Clothing.

5 Geo. III. 22* Aprilis.

and Grounds, in Grimfon, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Grimfon, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Lane End, in the said County; and from the Cross, in Ashton under Line, in the County of Lancaster, to DoElors Lane Head, in the county of ; and allb the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chester; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxons Lane End, in the County of Lancaster\ and from the Cross, in Ashton under Line, in the said County of Lancaster, to DoBtirs Lane Head, in the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the first mentioned Road in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and York, late the Estate of Edward Ayscough, Esquire, deceased, which, upon his

Death, belonged to his Four Daughters and Co-heirs; and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several Uses limited, ot their several undivided Shares thereof re-ipeftively; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Additional Duties, 1759 and 1762, from the Commencement, to the 5th Day of January 1765.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven nun-dred and Sixty-five, be now read.

And the said Ordef being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- meats thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and rendering more effectual Two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons, as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting iri execution the said Act; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Pocock took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Pocock reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will prease to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that Mr. Race, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies paid into the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the honourable House of Commons,- of the 14th Day of March last, and the 4th Day of this instant April.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vou 30.

THE

BritKh

Fishery.

Discovery of the Longitude.

Account of Monies paid into the dank pursuant to, certain Heiolutfens.

22° Aprilis

A. 1765.

Bank, a 2d April 17 65. —

THE Monies paid into the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the honourable House of

Commons, of the 14th Day of March last, and the 4th Day of this instant April, amounts in the whole to'

the Sum of One hundred Thirty-two thousand Three Pence.

S'* 3<*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fox raising a certain Sum of Money by Supply Bill; Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Exchequer One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five: And the s* same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to alter so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Supply Bill-; Charges for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, Duties on between London and the British Dominions in,

Postage. ancj within the said Dominions; and for amending, explaining, extending, and enforcing, several other Provisions in the said Act, and other Acts relating to the Revenue of the General Letter Office or Post Office, and Office commonly called the Penny Post Office; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved., That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mailers consider further of the Bill to impower the High Court in of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, Chancery’s a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be SaJane*' limited, oqt of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the said Court;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, Manufacture, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; and the several other Petitions relating to Silk; were severally referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

hundred and Thirty Pounds Three Shillings and Three

Eaniel Race, Cashier.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods, of the Product or Maniifacr ture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Isle of Maa. Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and-used in Great Britain-, for encouraging the Importation, of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for difcpntinuirtg thg.

Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; was committed; the Amendments, which the

Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the '

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for laving the Rights of the East India Company.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the'Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMom-, Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Way* Morning, Nine of the Clock. and Mean*.

1

Alford,

kc.

Road

Wilbcach

to

Lynn

Road*

Minehead,

Arc.

Roads.

5 Geo. Ilf. 23*

357

Martis, 23* t/rV;

Anno 5* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1765.

P X A Y E R.S.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to B and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Ropers Fields, and the Bell Inn, in IVisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in Walfoken, in the county of ; and from

Walfoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lord1 s Bridge, in Ifington, and from thence to the West Ends of Bridge and

German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1.14. After* Cafe," to insert John Mentinck." And the (a*d Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Reads from the Little Bridge, ver the End of the Drain next beachRiver, lying between Ropers Fields, and the Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in Walfoken, in the county of ; and from

Walfoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lords Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudling Bridge and German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk: and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cross, and from thence to Stickhpath,oVer Brendan Hill, to Robery Lam, and to Bampton, in the said County of Devon-, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 20. To leave out " and insert

" Stogumber" instead thereof.

Pr. 51.1. 29. After " Notices,’’ to insert as herein " after mentioned."

1. 33. To leave out " aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Dunjler and Timberfcombe, to ILL Bridge, and through the Town of Dulverton, and by the River and Brushford Green, to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and from thence to Batham Bridge, in the Town of Bampton, in the County of Devon-, and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Carhampton and Billbrooke, to Hartrow Gate, in the Parish of her, in the County of Somerset-, and also the Road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of Watchet, in the Parish of Saint Decuman's, in the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and by Long Cross Barn, to the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowey, in the County of Somerset-, and also from the said Town of Watchet, to Tower Hill, in the Village of Wiliton, in the said Parish of Saint Decuman's; and from the said Town of Watchet, by way of Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to Sticklepath, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bampton, in the said County of D.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiffner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith, Mr. Daniel Laf- Westbrook* cedes. Lord Downe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. De ^ate* Grey, Mr. Raby Vane, Mr. Eames, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Tempefi, Mr. Mr.

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Representative or Representatives of Edmund Neeler, deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late William Wef brook, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of London; and for veiling the same in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to such Persons as may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract to become the Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the Roads leading from An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Somertoa the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Dun- Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Inclosure. Jler and Timberfcombe, to Hele Bridge, and through the dows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Town of Dulverton, and by the River and Brushford Somerton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Green, to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and from Time.

thence to Batham Bridge, in the County of Devon, and Ref, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title from Brushford Green aforesaid, to Worthcross, in the be. An Act ‘for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Parish of Tiverton, in the said County of Devon-, and Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Bo- and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somer-rough of Minehead, through Carhampton and Billbrooke, Ion, in the County of Oxford.

to Hartrow Gate, in the Parish of Elworthy, in the County Ordered, That Sir James Dashwood do carry the Bill

of Somerset-, and also the Road leading from Carhampton to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, aforesaid, through the Town of Watchet, in the Parish

of Saint Decuman's, in the County of Somerset, to or near The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- A (h ford,

the Village of Rydon, and through the Village of Put-journed Confederation of the Report, which was made *c-

siam, and by Long Cross Barn, to the End of the Bridge- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and 01

water Turnpike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowey, inclosing the several Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Com-in the County of Somerset-, and also from the said Town mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ash-of Watchet, to Tower Hill, in the Village of Wiliton, in ford and Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County the said Parish of Saint Decuman's-, and also from the of Derby, was committed, said Town of Watchet, by way of Five Bells, to Fair Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Vol. 30. 4 Y Resolved,

Importation of Wool.

Tay

Bridge.

Lutcham

fnclofurr

Banbury,

k c. Hoad.

358 230. Aprilis. . A. 1765.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Eand the Merchants, Traders, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactures of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill hath been brought in, pursuant to the RcfoJu-tions of the House of the Second Day of March last, relating to restraining the Importation of Wool from Ireland, to certain Ports in that Kingdom and Great

tain, and to repealing the Act for opening the Port of Exeter for that Purpose; and representing many Disadvantages, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will arise to the Commerce and Manufactures of that City from the Regulations contained in the said Bill: And therefore praying the House to take tire Premises into their fe-rious Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Manufactures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the said Kingdom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain; is committed.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there upon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of alias Litcham, in

the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord North reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hqufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Wyatt, being examined, said, That the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road in Banbury, at or near a Place called Par font Lane-, and down the same Lane to the East End of the Bridge, at the East End of Banbury aforesaid, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by tire present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Bridge, at the East End of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and to the South End of Mil/field, in the Parish of Lutter-tvorlh, in the County of Lsicester, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road, in Banbtiry aforesaid, at or n ar a Place called Parsons Lane, and down the same Lane, to the East End of the Bridge, at the East End of Banbury aforesaid.

Sir Charles Kemys Tytite reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton and

Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hoftfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Philip Carteret Webb presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for carrying into execution a Contraft, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refobued, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts passed in the ad, 3d, and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Bridge; and for

enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, with respect to Squares; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the'Owners and Occupiers of Houses, in the several Parishes of St. Margaret, and St. John the Evangelist, St. Martin's in the Fields, St. Clement Danes, St. James's, St. Anne, and St. Paul, Covent Garden, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, within the said several Parishes, was presented to the House, and read. Taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, there are divers Clauses, Matters, and Things therein, which very materially affect their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such

Parts

Sh^rtoit

Mallet

Roads.

Isle

Mao.

Westminster

Paving.

Ditto.

Account*} Sugar.

Russia

Drillings.

Hemp, &c«

Wool.

Coffee.

Account;

Allom.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

5 Geo. III. 230 Aprilis. 359

Parts of the said Bill, as thfc Petitioners conceive to affest such Rights and Interests; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises* as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs in , attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to, the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Sugar imported from the British Plantations in for Four Years,

ending at Chrijimaslaft; distinguishing each Year:

And also.

An Account of the Quantities of British Raw or Mnfcovado Sugar, exported for Four Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Bounty paid upon British Refined Sugar, exported, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of all Drillings imported into Scotland, from Rvjfia, from 5th January 1761, to 5th January 1765, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Hemp and Flax, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from 5th January 1758, to 5th January 1765; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Wool, Woollen Yarn, and Bay Yarn, imported into Scotland, from,

from Midsummer 1740, to Midsummer 1751; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Coffee, imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1753, to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported, and the Amount of the Duties thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Coffee, exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1753, to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of the Duties repaid on Exportation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Allom imported into, and exported from, Great Britain, from the Year 1750, to the Year 1764, both inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing to and from what Places re-ipeftively.

Mr. Paterjon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

VOL.30.

Resolved, That this Hdufe will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilk

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be lolemhized in Churches or public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, of may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages lblemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Regifiers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees; be read the Third Time, upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining and establishing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Meal'ures throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the affizing and adjusting of Weights and Measures agreeable to the said Standards; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, between London and Shields; and the several other Petitions relating to the River Tyne; were severally referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First, Second, Fourth, and Eleventh mentioned Petitions;

Captain James Wilson, being examined, said, That he has used the Coal Trade Fourteen or Fifteen Years, but that he had not been at Newcastle these Seven Years; that there are 500 Sail of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, between London and Newcastle, and that they carry, upon an Average, 60 Ton of Ballast each, and make about 6 or 7 Trips in a Year; that the Method used to discharge their Ballast, when they arrive at Newcastle, is, by putting it into Keels; and sometimes Ships go to IVillington and Jarrow Quays, to discharge their Ballast; and after it is thrown on the Quays, it is carted away from the Face of the Quay, about 100 or 150 Yards Distance.

That the Ballast is subject to be blown off the Quays, and washed into the River, by hard Rains, and that the Channel has been growing worse from Year to Year; that formerly Ships drawing 13 Feet Water might load within a Mile of Newcastle, and come down the River; but when the Witness was there last, it was impossible for a Ship of that Draught of Water to fail down from the same Place, owing chiefly to the London Ballast in the River; and at that Time South Shields was blocked

up;

Glandestine

Marriagts.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bill*.

Weights and Measures.

Tyne

River.

360 230 Aprilis. A. 1765.

up; and there was no Place for large Ships to load at but at North Shields.

That he knows the Soundings from Tinmcuth Bar, into 14 Fathom Water; that they are very regular into to Fathom, and then run ©ff steep into 20, 30, and lo on; that it has been the Custom for Ships coming into the Harbour to call their Ballad in 14 Fathom Water, before they come in, and that he has seen 20 Ships at a Time do it.

And being asked, Whether Ballad thrown into 14 Fathom Water can be of any Detriment to the Harbour?

He laid. He is convinced that there is no Motion at the Bottom of that Depth, the Tide running no deeper than 9 Fathom; and that Ballad dropt in 11 Fathom can never return to the Harbour.

That it has been the Cudom formerly for Ships to go to the Quays to discharge their Ballad, when there was Room, but they now can only go in Spring Tides.

That he has seen Ships of 20 Keels of Coals at Jarrow Quay; and that Ships that could go to that Quay formerly at Neap Tides, could, when he was there lad, go only at Spring.

And being asked, he said. It would not be convenient for Ships to go high up the River to discharge their Ballad, except they loaded there; and that the general Place of loading is at Shields.

That Ballad thrown without the Bar cannot return; but if thrown within, or near the Bar, on the Outside, it would damage the Bar; that he has never heard of Maders of Ships being punished for throwing Ballad in 14 Fathom, but has heard of their being punished for cading it in less; and that the Didance from the Bar, into 14 Fathom at Low Water, is near Miles, into 5 Fathom { a Mile, into 10 Fathom a Mile; and from 14 to 20 Fathom f a Mile; and that Ballad thrown a Mile to Seaward of the Bar, cannot hurt it.

That the Names of the several Quays in the River are;

Burden's Quay, Broad Landing and s Quays;

Jarrow Quay, fVillington, St. Anthony's, South Shore,

Fryar Goose, Ewjburn, Skinner's Burn, Fellon, and bren.

That he has known Keels, after they have taken in the Ballad, detained 3 Days at Shields, before they could go to the Quays to unload; and that Nuisances created on the Outside of the Bar cannot be removed lb easy as if within the River.

Captain John Sligktholme, being examined, said, That

he has been Mader of a Ship 40 Years; that he was at Shields about a Month ago, and he went up to Newcastle in a Wherry; that not so many Ships by a considerable Number can lay afloat now in Shields Harbour, as could have done within his Memory; that Ships of Twenty Keels cannot take in their full Loading at South* Shields or off Burden's Quay, owing to the Shoalness of the Water, occasioned by the Ballad washing off the Quays, and dropping from Ships throwing Ballad upon the Quays; that he has seen the Inhabitants of North and South Shields throw Dirt and Soil into the River, which he thinks mud hurt the River, but never heard any Complaint of it; that there is not Water for Keels to come down the River, at lad Quarter Ebb, without grounding, which formerly they might; and is the Means of preventing Ships from loading so soon as they otherwise would, and prevents Ships from making so . many Voyages as they could do, if they could get Coals in proper Time.

That he has seen Ten or Twelve Ships at a Time loading at the upper End of Jarrow Quay, which is now dry.

That 40 Years ago Hay Hole was the general Place for Ships of 13 or 14 Keels to load, but they cannot load there now at the Fird of the Flood; and that if Ships could load there now, it would save ao a Keel.

That about 16 Years ago, he saw 20 Ton of Ballad Si

wash off Jarrow Quay into the River in about 3 nr Hours, occasioned by.a high Wind and high Tide; that loaded Ships cannot lay there, there being not quite 9 Feet Water; and that he has loaded therein 1401 15 Feet.

A printed Order of the Court of Conservators of the River Tyne, dated the 22d Day of in the Year

1753, was produced by the Agent, and read; and is hereunto annexed; N° 1. '

And being aiked. Whether the Remedy proposed in the said Paper, would remedy the Grievance complained of? he said, He believed it would; that the River rs contracted since he knew it; and that in some Parts it is not so di.ep by 8 or 9 Feet Water; that Jarrow biike takes in a large Quantity of Water, which is of Use to cleanse the Harbour; and that if the River was deepen* ed 8 or 9 Feet from IVII/ington Quay to South Shields, it would hold more Back Water, which would lcour the Harbour more than can be done now, and keep it clear; that Dur/wichSand has grown 3 or 400 Yards lower

down than it used to be; that where the Anchors now lay dry, the Witness has lain afloat; that he has seen 100 Sail of Ships lay a-girt, there were then 20 Feet Water, there is as much there now in the lower Part; that is the only Place Ships have to load in; that between Durtwich Sand and Burden's Quay it was formerly very deep, and now it is almost dry at Low Water in Spring Tides; and that it is ihoaler now than 20 Years ago by a great many Feet; that Ships of 17 and 18 Feet Draught of Water may load all the Way up to Stevenson's Hole, Which is about 1,000 Yards above Quay, at which Place there is 23 or 24 Feet Water: He said. That the Middle Ground has been growing up these 12 Years, and that it is dry at Low Water and very dangerous; believes there was no such Sand there 13 Years ago; that there have been Attempts to remove it, having seen Two Keels at Work upon it at a Time, could not say positively who employed them, but supposed the Corporation of Newcastle; that the Inn Sand has increased since he knew it, and Is within the Harbour, and stretches over to the Northward above a Third Part of the River; that there is a Buoy there, which is dry at Low Water; that from the North Shore to the End of the Sand, is about 120 or 130 Fathom; that the Middle Ground is below the Inn between the Two Points, and from Point to Point is about 300 Yards; that the Middle Ground lies ratlier to the Northward between the Two Points about the Middle of the Channel; that from the Middle Ground to the North Side is about 50 Fathom, which makes it difficult for Ships to get out; that he cannot say the Bar is broader; it is very good now, and has been all the Winter; that there is 7 Feet Water upon it at Low Water; that 40 Years ago Ships were of the Burthen of 12 or 13 Keels, now there are Ships from 20 to 28 Keels; that he has seen 300 Sail loading at Shields at One Time this Winter; that if the River was navigable as formerly, large Ships would go higher up to load, as it would save a great Expence; that he has known Ships of 15 Keels come into Tinmouth Haven, at Shields, One Tide, and go out the next; that Ships put their Ballast into Keels for Dispatch, but in general Ships go to the Ballast Quays when they can get up, and when Quays are not full of Ships, but when they are, they make use of Keels; it is impossible to unload Ballast upon Quays so soon as to put it into Keels; and that they cannot get up to lington and Jarrow Quays for want of Water; that formerly the Witness has backed and filled, and turned to Windward in his Ship as far as Jarrow Quay; and that he has seen Ships of 25 Keels do it 40 Years ago; there was 20 Ships of that Burthen employed then, which cannot be done now, but by Ships of about 7 Keels; that the Expence of discharging Ballast into Keels is 131. 4^1 a Keel, and 4s. for a Warrant; that the Method of carting Ballast into the Keel is, Two Keels come along-

side

<23° Apriits.

6t

5 Geo. III.

side the Ship, one of each Side, and a Port Sail is nailed under the Port, from whence the Ballad is thrown oyt to prevent any from falling into the River; the Keels then go to the Quays, where they have a Stage laid between the Keel and the Quays, and then cad the Ballad on the Quay; that there never was so large a Quantity of Coals Slipped in any One Year, by many Thousand Chaldrons, as in the lad Year, and more might have been Slipped, if they could have got Ships and Coals; but Coals could not be got.

A printed Order of the Court of Conservators of the River Tyne, dated the 5 th Day of November 1764, was produced by the Agent, and read; and which Paper is hereunto annexed, N* 2.

Shields about 20 Years ago would hold more than 200 Sail of Ships; 20 Sail of Ships might have laid where it is now dry, this between Durt Sand and the North Shore.

That it is Two Foot from the upper Part of farrow Quay to the Water at Spring Tides in some Places, and at other Places, the Water comes to the Edge of the Quay; and that the Quay has been raised about to or 12 Years ago; that the Ballad lies so near the Edge of the Quay, that it runs over; that it is carried away in Carts from the Face of the Quay, at about a Mile distant, up a Hill; but that it frequently blows into the River from the Top of the Hill; and that he has known the small Ballad to blow upon the Ships Decks; and that a great deal of Ballad falls between the Keels and the Quays.

Mr. Ralph Shot ten, a Sea Pilot, being examined, said, That he has used the Coal and other Trade to Newcastle 20 or 30 Years; carries Goods from London, and unloads at Newcastle Quay; that there is not so great a Depth of Water there as 20 Years ago, it has been growing up this 20 or 23 Years; that Ships of 8£ Feet cannot come to the Cow Crane at Neap Tides; has known Ships of x 1 or 12 Feet at the Quay; that he has known Ships fall ever and receive Damage, owing to the Corporation not cleaning the Quay Side; and that his Ship had like to have been fonk there lad Year, (he having 7 Feet Water in her Hold, by reason of a Parcel of Stones lying the re that fell from the Quay; that he made a Complaint of it to one of the Aldermen, but could get no Satisfaction; and that he petitioned the Common Council about 3 Weeks ago, and has had no Answer; but the Stones were removed soon after he received the Damage; that the River is in a worse State than ever he knew it; and he attributes the Cause of it chiefly to the London Ballad falling between the Keels and the Quays, as he has leen or 3 Heaps of it laying before St. Anthony % Quay at one Time; and he laid, in the Year 1749, 5 Sail lay afloat where it is now dry at Low Water; and also said, the River is damaged by Dirt and Soil being thrown therein by the Inhabitants of Shields, and the Ballad being blown off the Quays into the River.

And he further said. That sometimes Ships discharge their Ballad at Willington and South Shore, about a Mile below Newcastle; and that a Number of Ships at a

Time may discharge their Ballad at South Shields and Jarrow; there is Water for a Ship in Ballad, though not so much Water at Jarrow Quay as there used to be; all Ships going home are called Light Ships; if they had a mind they might go to the Quays; that he has leen 200 Saii of Ships lying in the River at one Time, One Half of which have been Ships of 26 Keels; and that he thinks as many may lay there now.

That Keels are employed for Dispatch, and being left Trouble to Ships than going to the Quays, for being in good Birth, they like to keep it; that there is a dry Dock at South Shields, and very good Water, but don’t know exactly how much; that there is a dry Dock at Howden Pans, and has known many Ships repaired there; that a King’s Ship, a small Frigate, was built upon the Wharf there about 2 or 3 Years age.

That it is Two Miles from the Mouth of the Har-

Vol. 30.

bour to the Dock, and that be apprehends the latgeft Ship in the Goal Trade might go into that Dock; that' there is 7^ Feet Water right off the Dock; and that, at about 10 or 15 Yards distant from the Dock, it is dry at Low Water.

And being aflted, Whether he remembers the Condition of the River to be sometimes better and sometimes worse within these Years

He said it has been growing Ihoaler every Year, and that it grows worse and work; that the Freshes run strong down the River, which varies the River; that sometimes it is better and sometimes worse; and that he has seen Sand Banks driven down by the Current; that Ships formerly went up the North Channel, but are now obliged to go up the South, by reason of the North Channel being filled up; and that he has seen Two Keel? at a Time working upon the Sands, which must make them better.

Being a(ked, whether he knew Thomas and

Thomas Robinson? He said. Yes; that they are Rives

Pilots, and few them at Westminster Bridge, and believes they were sent for to be examined by the Petitioners; that they told him they would have spoke the Truth, if they ‘had lost their ‘Bread by it; and that they failed to the North lately in a Ship belonging to him.

Captain John Markham said, That heferved his Time irt of the Port of Shields; that he founded the River lately, and that it is io Years ago since he was at Newcastle before he went to found it; and that it is a good deal worse than when he founded it before in lbtne Places.

That off IVillington Quay there was only 2 Feet Water at Low Water in the Mid Channel for about 8 Yards, and that he had his Right Foot upon the Ground, and was not over his feoot; that he has past that Place in a Ship that dreW 12 Feet Water, and that it has been growing up a great while, but that he did not found on both Sides the Channel; that about 3 or 400 Yards of the upper Part of Jarrow Quay about 2 or 3 Tier of Stones broke down, and the Stones lay loose upon the Quay, and that he few the Tide flow upon that Part which was broke down; that from the Bar into 14 Fathom is not quite a Mile at Low Water, and from Shields about Two Miles; and that there is better Water now upon and without the Bar than there was formerly; that the Soundings increase gradually from the Bar into 14 Fathom; that it is customary to cast Ballast in 14 Fathom, and that the Witnesshas done it or 5 Times in a Year; and that it is impossible for it to return so as to damage the Harbour.

Mr. Robert Dixon was Master of a Ship in Coal Trade 10 Years, confirmed the Evidence of Captain Shot ten in respect to the River growing up, and attributes the Cause Of it to the London Ballast being brought into the River, for that he has seen Ballast drop into the River, both from the Ships when catting it into Keels, and: in calling it from the Keels upon the Quays; and also-confirmed the Evidence of the last Witoefs, in respect to the upper Part of Jarrow Quay being down 1-20- Yards, the Custom of calling Ballast in 14 Fathom Water, and the Soundings without the Barand added, that Ships cannot go to that Part of the Quay which is fallen down, there not being Water; believes the Ballast lays at about Twenty Yards from the Breach in the Quay, and believes that the Water does not flow so high as the Ballast at Spring Tides, and that the Expence of calling. Ballast at Bur den'% Quay is 14 d.a Ton, which is paid at the Town House.

And hefurther said, That he has seen-Ballast swept off the-Quay, but not in any great Quantities, about 3 or 4Shovcls foil at a Time, when the Ship moves away by Hawsers and Tow Lines, which were made fall on Shore in order to fallen the Ships, which he has seen lay at the Foot of the Quays; that he has heard it should be trimmed back 3 Feet from the Face of the Quay, but as that is not always done, it frequently fells into the River, and frequently

4 Z the

Tyne

kiver.

Tyne

River.

362 230 rfprilis

the Sand is blown off into the River in high Winds and dry Weather i that he cannot say exa&lv, but thinks DuttwickSand has been dry about a Year or Two, and that it has been growing up for 20 Years pad; that the lower Part is grown more over to the Southward; that the Witness has seen 2 Keels at a Time working upon the Repair of the Harbour, but not more; that he does not think the same Number of Ships can now load at Shields as could within his Memory, but that if the Harbour was to be in a better Condition, there would be a quicker Dispatch for Shipping, if they could get Coals; and it would be done with a great deal more Lafe.

Mr. Andrew Mackenzie, a Seaman, and has been Maf-tcr of a Ship, being examined, said. That he knows the Harbour of Shields, that in some Places where Ships have lain afloat, that drew 10 Foot Water, is now dry at Low Water; that Durtwich Sand grows worse every Year, and that it is dry in the lnfide, and they now build Ships there; that he has frequently seen the Ballad walh off the Quays in large Spring Tides, and blow off in high Winds; that it is customary for Ships to cad their Ballad in 14 Fathom before they come into Harbour, and has seen it done, and that the Witness has done it several Times; that it is impossible for Ballad thrown in 1; Fathorti to hurt the Bar or the Herd; that from the Bar into 14 Fathom is about i| Mile at Low Water, and at High Water $ of a Mile, and that Ballad cad within i of a Mile of the Bar will prejudice it; that the Fiefhes coming down the River bring great Quantities of Sand and Sullage, the lighted of which will go over the Bar, but the greated Part remain within, otherwise the Sands would not grow up as they do; that the Harbour might in Time be blocked up by Sullage coming down, even if Colliers were not to bring Ballad into the River.

That the Witness has known Two Keels working at a Time for 1, 2, or 3 Months in a Year for to or 12 Years pad to cleanse the Harbour, and he supposes took out 20 or 25 Ton in a Tide; that the Shoals and Sands in a River are Obdrudions to the Navigation, and if the feme were removed, Ships would lay there with more Safety; but don’t think they would make more Voyages in a Year; that he has seen this lad Winter 120 Ships in One Tier at a Time; in some little Places, Two Tier; that when moored they lie with their Sterns to the Shore across the Harbour; that the Channel of the River in some Parts is wider, and in some narrower than formerly, but the Depth in those Parts is much the feme; that Sands will always walh from one to another, and that he has seen Ballad Heaps upon Durtwich Sands, 20 or 30 Tons, as high as his Middle, which he is lure was London Ballad; but at the feme Time laid, that Ballad thrown upon Durtwich Sand may link in, and the fine Sand appear at Top, so that one cannot be distinguished from the other; that he has seen Sand Keajs working upon the Inn Sand and Middle Ground, and near lington Quay, to clear the River, lupposes by the Order, and at the Expence of the Magistrates of Newcastle; that the Obdrudions in the River are equally occasioned by Sand as well as Ballad, for he has no Reason to think that the Ballad is of more Obdruction than the Sand; but believes it to be more prejudicial; that he few 3 or 400 Sail of Ships in Tinmouth Haven this Winter, and that he cannot say he heard of any Damage being done to any of them; that the Harbour would have contained zoo more; that there is 3 or Feet Water in the Middle Ground, and that he believes the Bar to be in as good a Condition now as ever it was; that the Shoals in the River has occasioned no Delays hitherto, but they may.

Mr. John Douglas, has been Mader of a Ship some Years, and fenced his Time in Whitby Coal Trade, being examined, said. That Twenty-five Years ago he worked for about 2 Years in the Ballad Keels; that he has often seen Ballad hove overboard into the River; that they are sometimes obliged to heave the Ballad overboard out of the Keels, for fear of (inking, and that be thinks that 1 or a Ton may fall between the

Keel and the Quay in throwing the Ballad on Shore at Low Water; that he has known Ballad lay in Heaps at the Edge of the Quay for a Month before it was carried away; that great Quantities of it is frequently washed and thrown into the River by Rains and Floods, and by Haulers; that the Witness was at Shields the ctoth indant, and that he founded the River, and that it is worse than when he first knew it, and it grows worfc and worse -, that he is not used to surveying, but surveyed the River 15 Years ago 20 Times, but had not got the Soundings, having nO Business with them; that he few Heaps of Ballad lay at the Foot of Heburn and Willington Quays, which had been thrown from the Keels that Morning, and laid in such a Manner that the Tide might wash it away; and that they are very careless in throwing the Ballad from the Keels upon the Quays.

Mr. Thomas Gunn, a Mason, being examined, said.

That he is frequently employed b r the Conferyators to repair the Front of the Ballad Quays; that some are kept in good Repair, and some are not; in some Places the Foundation of the Quays give way and bulge out; that he has been paid a considerable Sum of Money lately for repairing Willington Quay, and which is in as good Condit on now as ever he knew it; that he has observed as good Water lately at the high End of it, but the low End is not so good; that he has been on the River Jury, and that they have presented Nuisances every Year for 16 Years pad; he knows the Ballad Heaps at the high End of South Shields called Alderman Simpson's-, and about 8 or 9 Years ago presented

that in particular 3 or Times, for the Ballad coming too near the Water, it used to wash in when the Water flowed; that the Nuisance has not been removed, but no Ballad is permitted to be laid there now; that there is a Jury sworn every Year, and the Judge gives a Charge to the Jury to present all Nuisances, and every Thing that may detriment the River; that he has frequently been with the Jury to view Nuiances by Order of the Conservators; that the Inn Sand has grown up, and the Sand at the Ead End of Jarrow Quay; that when Nui'ances are reported to the Conservators, they have ordered most of them to be removed; that he (peaks of 9 Years ago, but that lately they have been desirous of keeping Things in the bed Order they can; that he has seen Two Lighters at Work at a Time, to take Ballad out of the River, and has seen Keels at work at Willington Quay, and underdood they were Craft lent on Purpose, by Direction of the Corporation, to make Births for Ships to lie in; that the River is narrower now than formerly, but it is out of the Power of the Corporation to prevent it, as it is chiefly owing to the Land Floods washing the Sand down; that the Shoals in the River are occasioned partly by the Ballad, partly by the Sand wattling down, and partly by the Influx of the Tide.

: Mr. Robert Forjfer, Ballad Conveyor, being examined, feid, That in December 1763 he few upwards of 400 Ton of Ballad washed off Saint Anthony's Quay in one Tide; that he is employed to cart the Ballad away immediately from the Fact of the Quay, which, if he had done, that Accident would not have happened, and that it was the greated Flood he ever few; and that his Employers had a Right to cart it at his Expence.

Mr. 'Thomas Hurry, Mader of a Ship, being examined, said, That he has been Mader of a Collier 25 Years, and has used the Coal Trade 31 Years; that the Harbour of Shields appears to be grown up; that Ships cannot pals the Middle Ground with as much Safety as formerly, there being lei's Water, and it has grown nearer the Point where the Fort dands, which Point causes an Eddy Tide, and affects the Steerage, and makes the Turn lo sudden, it makes it dangerous; that he believes large Vessels cannot get to Willington and Jarrow Quays with as much Safety as formerly, but that he has not used the Quays

much;

5 Geo. III. 23 0 Jprilis.363

much; that 14*/. a Ton is paid for Ships calling Baliaft from the present State of the River; that the general Tyne upon Burden's Quay, and xod. a Ton, when put into Practice ofdischarging Baliaft from Ships, is by putting ^lvcr Keelsand afterwards cast upon the Quays, but when it into Keels, and there is not Accommodation for half wanted for Roads, pay only Half Tonnage, but that is the Ships in the Coal Trade at Neap Tides at South nothing considerable; that if there was a Foot or a Foot Shields and Jarrow Quays, and at Spring Tides not for and an Half less Water in Shields Harbour, Ships would all, to cast their Baliaft on; that it is the common same be frequently funk, or break their Anchors, or both, for Masters of Ships to be in a great Hurry to get their that the Consequence would be terrible; that the Middle Baliaft out as soon as possible, and is their Interest so to Ground has been dangerous for about 15 Years, and do; that he believes more Ships would discharge that he apprehends the Cause of its growing up, is owing their Baliaft on the Quays, if it was not for Haste and to the Bed of the River being in a worse State than for- Trouble; and that he apprehends there is much left merly, and the Sand coming from the upper Part of -the Waste in calling it on the Quays than into the Keels j River, and Jlopping the re; that it comes from the ad- that about once a Year he calls his Baliaft on IViUington joining Land, by the Floods; and that from the East Part Quay, but his Custom is to put more than Half into of North Shields to near the Fort, the Witness has ob- Keels; that he knows the Dock lately made at Howden served great Shoots from a high Clift, which falls to Pans; that there is opposite to that Dock 7 and 8 Feet where the Water flows; that from below the Fort to near Water at Low Water; that he apprehends that Dock the Black Mitten is the same; that the Soil that is brought capable of receiving the largest Ship in the Coal Trade; down appears to be a Sort of blackilh Sand; that some that the Solebay Man of War of 28 Guns was built Part of the London Baliaft is Sand, and when mixed with there; and was launched without Interruption; that other Sand, cannot distinguish it; that he apprehends Two large Ships discharged their Baliaft at IViUington there are great Waste of Slates, and great Quantities of Quay last Summer, but could not get there till Spring Coals fall into the River at the Time of loading Ships, Tides; that he apprehends the Middle Ground comes which gets beneath the Sand, and helps to fill up the from the upper Part of the River; and that when more River; but being asked the Question, he said, he had Sand is lodged upon the Inn Sand, it may then go to the seen poor People dredging for Coals, and apprehended Middle Ground; that they join together in a Half Circle; they gathered up the greatest Part that fell; and that the that a great Quantity of Sand has been taken off* the Keelmen, when they find Slates amongst the Coals, na- Middle Ground by the Direction, and at the Expence, turally throw it into the River; that there may be from of the Corporation; that Nuisances in the River, upon 3 or to 10 lb.of Slates in a Keel of Coals, but that he proper Representation to the Conservators, have been

reckons the Baliaft as great an Impediment as all he has redressed; and that he believes it is not only the Duty, spoke of put together; but he speaks only from Con- but the Interest of the Corporation to keep the River jetfture; that the Keelmen cannot put it into the Keels open; that he has heard, and believes particular Mem-without a small Waste, and apprehends the Keelmen bers of the Corporation have been desirous of being cannot throw it on the Quays without the fame; that be- informed, from Masters of Ships, of a Plan to remove fore it is lead off from the Face of the Quays, the Ropes any Nuisance in the River.

which fallen the Ships sweep off Quantities from the And being further examined, he said. That there is Quays; that the Method of taking Baliaft out of Ships good Water for Ships at , and Burden's

into Keels, is by nailing a Port Sail to the Ship’s Side to Quays; that he never took a whole Loading in above prevent the Baliaft from falling into the River, but fre- Sh and that he thinks it might be advantageous questly the Keels have a Motion at the Time, and the to the Trade at Times, to load higher up when the Baliaft lying in a Bag in the Port Sail, it gives way, and Harbour is full of Ships; and the Weather would not the Whole tails into the River; that the Channel of the permit them to comedown.

River has altered its Course more to the Southward; And being aiked the Question, he said, he thought that he remembers when there was more Water on the it would be a very great Advantage to load higher than North Side of the Channel; and that the Channel is nar- S, as Ships would not be so liable to Damages, as rower than it was; that Durtwich Sand has grown so much having more Room; that he never heard of any mate-to the Southward, that where Ships Anchors lay that are rial Damage being done to the Ships, owing to the moored off Burden's Quay, the Water is lo shoal that Births in which they lie, and never remembered Ships Ships cannot go over till verypear Half Flood, which as large as his go above , to take Coals; that as appears to the Witness, to be owing to the River having the River now is, and has been for 31 Years, it is more shifted its Channel, which he thinks a Diladvantage; convenient for Ships to have Coals brought to them in that he don’t know any Difference in the Depth of the Keels, than to go higher than Shields to load; that as Water on the South Side of the River now than formerly; many loaded Ships of a given Size cannot lay in Safety that the River above Burden'.s Quay appears to be wider at Shields now as formerly; that he has often thought than it was at the Beginning of the Period he speaks of, it hazardous, when there were a great Number of Ships but at the same Time apprehends there is not so much loading at a Time in the Harbour for want of Water, more Room for Ships to lay and swing, and to keep clear and many Anchors have been broke about the Middle of the Ground; that he has founded the River from IVII- of the River, and that he has seen Ships flop against lington Quay down to Hay Hole, but not lately; that if them in swinging; but these Accidents will happen in there is not more Care taken of the River than there has most Rivers, where the Water is shallow; that Ships in been, it is probable, that where the Ships lay to load, it the Coal Trade are of more Draught of Water than may in 30 Years Time be a Foot (hallower; and believes formerly; that there is as much Water upon the Bar it may be kept in much better Plight; that the Water now as ever lie knew; and upon the North Edge of the appears to him to have grown shallower near the Baliaft Middle Ground, at Spring Tides, there is 16,17, and 18 Quays than any where else, excepting Durtwich, parti- Feet Water, and at that Time 3 or Ships may go over Cularty towards Willington and 'JarrowQuays; that Ships abreast, there is no Impediment at High Water, and often ground at Low Water, but receive no Damage in there is 4, 5, or 6 Feet at Low Water at the Middle common, but when floating from the Ground, are in Ground; and if it was taken away, it would be much Danger of swinging foul of their Anchors, and break- safer for Ships to go in and out; that Baliaft thrown in ing the m; that he never remembers so large a Number 14Fathom will not enter the Harbour; that he thinks of Ships dispatched out of Tinmouth Haven as in 1764; it lays in the Place where it is dropped, believes there was above 100 Ships loading in the River And being asked the Question, whether he was clear at a Time; and that if more Ships had been there, they in his Opinion, that Baliaft would not be agitated to-pright have been dispatched; that he does not think wards the Shore, skid, he thought not, but lpoke fronj the Coal Trade has met with any Interruption or Delay Conjecture; that he was not invited by any body to Vgl. 30. - come

364 23 A1765.

Tyne come up to give Evidence; that he came for the Good That the Profit to the Corporation for Ball aft, thrown rip.

River, of the River Tyne -, that he knew of the Inquiry by a Bnrden's Quay, is Sd. and to the Proprietors id. a Ton-; Narrative of Fasts, which he law at a Coffee House that he was concerned in the Purchase of One ]\loiety of at Yarmouth, but he did not look upon all those Faffs to the Quay for one Mr. Fairless; and had the Paper before be true, there being Omissions which made Consulion; him; and that there is, one Year with another, 12,000 that he was not served with a Subpoena, but having a Ton cast on that Quay only.

strong Bials to guard against in Favour of the Corpora- The Agent for the last mentioned Petitions here

tion, the great Respect for the present Members, his doled their Evidence; and your Committee pro-

near Relations and Friends, and private Interest; his ceeded to examine the Evidence in behalf of tl\e

Examination he knew must tend to prejudice all those 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, and loth mentioned Pet'i-

Affairs; that he said he has given this Account unpre- ’tions; and to prove the Allegations thereof

judiced; that he generally comes to Town about this Mr. Cfiriftopher Broad, Master of a Collier, being exa-Tims of the ’Year, but the bad State of the River might mined, said, That he has been Master of I Collier 10 be the Cause of his coming up Three or Four Days, or Years; that he knows the Harbour of Shields, and is well a Week- fobnet1 than usual; that he did not know the acquainted with the River from s Quay down to

Narrative which he read at she Coffee House would be the Bar; that s Quay is at the Irlgheft Part of

productive of this good Inquiry. South Shields, and is the highest Bailaft Quay \n

And being asked, whether he did not come up to give; that the Harbour can contain as many

an Account of the good State of the River as well as the loaded Ships to lay afloat now, as at any Time within bad? he said, he did not know where they were. his Memory; that the Channel at the upper End of

Mr. Edward Hall, Brewer, said, That he was Water South Shields is on the South Side of the Kiver; that Bailiff to the Corporation of Newcastle, and that he has Ships of 20 Keels of Coals can now load at South Shields been employed by the Corporation to take up Sands much better than formerly; they do not choole to load out of the River Tyne, and to take it from such Places there; they may load there; if they be loaded on tl»e as they thou Id direct; the First Time he was employed South Side of the Water, and the Wind come at the was in the Year 1752, continued till the Year be- North West or N* West by N*, they cannot get to fore last; but was employed again last Summer; that Sea; that the Tides and Freshes coming down, have he has Jaken up between 30 and 40,000 Ton, and thrown Durtwick Sand more over to the Northward, put it on Willington Quay, several Thousand Ton of and made the South Channel a great deal wider; that which he took from the Middle Ground; and that the there is more Room for Ships to turn up now than bc-whole Expence of taking up that Quantity of Bailaft fore, and that Sand growing up is occasioned

amounted to £. 2,000, but there were other People em- by Land Floods; and the Tide coming down very ra-ployed with or 5 Keels for One Summer; and that he pid, drives the Sand up; that he has known the Mid-could have taken up 10 Times the Quantity; that he die Ground 18 Years; that it often Shifts, which makes is paid at the Rate of 12 d.a Ton for the Middle it better and worse at Times; but that it is better now Ground and Inn Sand, and 10 d.a Ton for farrow than he has known it; that the largest Ships in the Coal Point; that there is a Scalp of Bailaft at the high End Trade may, and do go to Burden's and s Quays

of Willington, which he has been employed in taking up^ to discharge their Bailaft; and that those Quays are ge-that he agreed verbally with the Corporation to take up nerally full of Ships; when Ships come in and their 7 or 9,000 Ton yearly for 7 Years, but has not taken Coals are ready, they put their Bailaft into Keels for Dif-up that Quantity, the Corporation not ordering him to patch; that he never saw Slates thrown overboard in undo it; that he petitioned the Corporation in 1754 to ful- loading, being too much Trouble to put them out; that fil his Contract, but never received any Answer, but not- Tinmouth Haven is in a better Condition now than ever withstanding he continued taking up the Sands in prq- he knew it, particularly she South Side of the River, and per Seasons; that he thinks the Harbour of Shields is is capable of dispatching.a'greater Number of Ships than growing up, as it is worse than he has seen it; that lie at any Time within his Memory; that he imagines Bal-believes there is a good deal of Waste in the London last thrown in 14 Fathom will walh in; and that the Bar Bailaft; that he understood there was a Diffefence of is in a better State npw than ever he knew it; that large Opinion where he Should be set to work, and that the Ships may go to Simpfbn’s Quay at the first of the Conservators sent for an Engineer from Sunderland, to in- Spring; and that they frequently lay there; that there is form themselves of the moil proper Places; that the Room at the Three Qua^s he has mentioned to accom-Trinity People have come down the River to look at it by modate the largest Ships in she Trade; that the lower Order of the Corporation. End of Durtwich Sand runs to the Northward, and makes

And being asked, whether the River Jury have often the Channel wider; there is Room for long Ships to turn viewed the River and made Report ? He said. That up now, which was not the same before; that Ships uk\l he had often Seen the Barge, and apprehended they came to load at the high End of North Shields-, but at that for that Purpose; that he prepared 3 Keels for the Pur- Place at Low Water in a Spring Tide, he has seen the pole of removing the Sands, but that he does not think Anchors dry; but that Ships may load in the Inside as that sufficient; and that Ten Keels might have worked usual; that he supposes feme of the Bailaft must fail at a Time for 3 Hours every Tide; that when the Wit- into the River, but no_ great Quantity; that when it is ness was Water Bailiff, and has presented any Nuisances put upon the Quay's it is carted away as fast as possible; to the Conservators, they have punished the Aggressors; that it may sometimes lay 2 or 3 Days, but they take it and that he thinks it is the Interest, as well as the Duty away as soon as it is assessed; that he knows the Inn of the Conservators, to make the River as good as pol- Sand, which is grown up to the South Shore, and is now fible; and added, that he was employed by the Coipo- very good; and that it used to be dry lo far, that People ration to clear the Face of Newcastle and Willington could go upon it to get Coals, but now they cannot get Quays; and that the clearing them will cause a great such Quantities as they used to do, the Sand having tncrease of Water, particularly at Willington-, that Sands grown up to the South Shore; but he does not think any will rife in the River Tyne, which shift, and are Obstruc- of the Sands are occasioned by the London Bailaft; that tions to the Navigation, and have increased faster than as many Ships may pass the Middle Sand now as former-they were removed. ly; and that he has seen it as far over to the Northward as

The Copy of a Part of a Plea to a Quo Warranto was it is now. produced to your Committee; the Substance of which Mr. Thomas Wild, a River Pilot, being examined, Vas admitted; and the Paper is hereunto annexed, said, That he has been a River Pilot 18 Years, and 3. 6 Years a Branch Pilot; that he is well acquainted with

Mr. John Letieney, an Attorney, being examined, said, the Harbour of Timiouth, and River Tyne; that the

Channel,

5 Geo. III. 23s Jfrllis» 36$

0 ..... . Channel is strait, between Hebburn and Wiliinpon Quays, and load at South Shields, off Quay, but they Tf*e

and that in the Ihoaleft Part there is z\ Feet at a very don’t chuse it; that there is as much Water in the River Low Tide, and in the best of the Channel opposite to a now as 20 Years ago, take one Place with another j Place called BlackSteath, from 6 to 8 Feet off the Shoal; that the Witness has been upon a dry Sand, where there from Howdai Pam Quay to the lower End of yarrow is now 10 Feet Water; and that the Channel is wider in Quay, 6 Feet; from Jarrew Quay to Hay hole, 8 or o feme Places now than in the Year 1747.

Feet; and from Whitehill Point to the Round Glass House, Mr. Ralph Purvis, a River Pilot, being examined,

from 18 to 10 Feet; all at Low Water; that the Breadth said, That he has been Pilot it Years, and has known

of the Channel, at Low Water, is computed to be better ’ Tinmouth Haven and the River Tyne about 30 Years;

than 200 Yards; that Durtwich Sarfd is washed from that he has founded the River about a Month ago in a

the Southward to the Northward, which makes more Boat, at Low Water, in Spring Tides; that the Depth

Room for Ships to work up; that he believes there is of Water between Hebburn and Quays is

not so much Room for Ships to lay in, in the Girt at from 7 to 5 Feet, at Low Water; that opposite Black

North Shields now, as formerly, but what it has loft there Steath, in the best of the Channel, there is 2f Feet, and

it has gained on the South Side, there being more Room it is 100 Fathom broad; from Pans to farrow

for Ships to lay than the Witness ever saw made use of; Quay, 6 or 7 Feet; from Jarrozv Quay to*

and that the River will contain as many Ships to lay now Point, and from thence to the Round Glass , from

in Safety as formerly, in his Opinion; that a great many 12 to 9 Feet.

Ships load along the upper Part of Dar/sviVA Sand; and that And he confirmed the Evidence of the lad Witness;

he has known the Middle Ground 18 Years, in whichTime with respect to Durtwich Sand, the Middle Ground, the he has seen it better and worl'e, but it is better now than Girt, and the River in general; and also gave the same Six Months ago, and that he has seen Ships'take the Reasons for the Sands and Shoals growing up and shifty Ground there; it is of a moveable Nature, and always ing; and added, that the Depth of Water, opposite alters after great Freshes; that the Depth of the Water South Shields, in the best of the Channel, is 14 FeeO at Soath Shields, in the best of the Channel, is from 9 to and the Bar is better now than ever was known; that 18 Feet at Low Spring Tides; that he don’t apprehend the Freshes come down at the rate of 7 Knots an Hour; the River is in any Danger of growing up, and is more at which Time the Water is as thick as Puddle with tifed now than ever he knew it; that he would under- Sand and Mud; that he cannot say what Quantity of take to pilot a Ship from Tinmouth Bar up to Newcastle, that Sand remains in the River, but does not believe all

toith as great a Draught of Water aa at any Time with- goes over the Bar; that there is upon the Bar now 1 c in his Memory, and Tinmouth Bar is better now than Feet, where formerly there was but 12; that the Wind; ever he knew it; that he has not (bunded the River at E. N. E. fills the Bar, and if it was not for the

lately, and when he founded it it was going up the Freshes there would be loss Water; that during the

River in a Ship with the Flood; that the shoaleft Part Freshes there is a greater Depth in the Channel and on of the River is a little Kbove Black Steath, opposite to the the Bar, and continues for a Month after the Freshe*

Black Point, at a Place called the Pace, there is 2 JFeet arc subsided. The Witness remembers to have seen 4 or

at Low Water; there is a deeper Part near that Place, 500 Sail of Ships in the River this last Winter, and

but that is at the Back of a Sand, and there is no Way would have contained 200 more; and that the Collier* out of it; that he never remembers there being more are larger in general than 20 Years ago; that he has Water at that Place, but about 14 or 15 Years ago he been in a Ship that drew 17$ Feet; and the largest Ship saw it almost dry, and since the Channel has wore to the in the Trade, 20 Years ago, drew 16 Feet; he has Southward, and broader than it was, Ships can go up heard Complaints for Want of Room in the River, but and down the River with more Safety; that Ships of never heard any for Want of Water; that Ships have 24 Keels may lay and load in Safety on the South Side been so crowded together that they were obliged to of the River, but they are not so ready for the Sea; heave out to go to Sea, owing to the Narrowness of the that as many large Ships cannot load at North Shields as Channel j that 15 or 20 Sale of Ships, of 20 and 24 could do within his Memory, beCause at the upper Part Keels, can lay and load off South Shields, or at s

of Durtwich, where small Ships used to lay, the Sand Quay, and he never saw Anchors dry at Low Water on has wore to the Northward; that Sands and Shoals arc the Outside the Girt, but has upon Durtwich Sand; that occasioned by the Ebb Tides and Freshes coming down he has been swinging off the Custom House Quay in the River, and that he never saw any Ballast fall from iyf Feet at Low Water, and that there is the same the Quays, and that Sands will wash from one to an- Depth of Water there now; he never saw any great other; that he has seen 2 or 3 Keek at a Time employed Quantities of Ballast wash off the Quays, but that 3 in taking up the Sands, which is carried and thrown little may wash off with the Rains; that he has seen upon the Quays; that he does not know what Quantity Keek working at South Shields, to make Room in the was taken from the Middle Ground, but it was always River, and that if no Care was taken to remove the better after the Keek had been at work upon it, and Sands, he does not question but they would inercafe; the Channel was deepened; that 3 Keels are as many as that he thinks the Freshea clear the Channel of the can be employed at a Time on the Middle Ground; River of more than they leave behind; that Keels may that Ships of 8 or 10 Keels have loaded at Newcastle go from Shields to Newcastle in one Tide; that when and Saint Anthony's-, and that he saw 10 or 15 Sail of light, they draw if or 2 Feet Water, and loaded 4$ Feet small Vessels at a Time at Saint Anthony'%; that it is an or 5 Feet; that he has seen them a-ground opposite to Advantage for Ships to load high up the River, as they Black Steath, where, at Low Water, in Spring Tides, save Money by it; and the largest Ship in the Trade there is a} Feet, and at Low Water, Neap Tides, 5 or might go up the River in Ballast, but could not get 6 Feet, but they may come down at the last Quarter Ebb down loaded; that the Shaliow6 in the River are not loaded, if Hour before Low Water; that it is 2 Miles worse now than in any Part of his Time, and that the from the Bar into 14 Fathom, and that he thinks Ballast River is as good now as ever he knew it; he has seen thrown in 14 Fathom, will damage the Bar and Road-between 5 and 600 Sail of Ships in the River this Win- stead; that he has seen it thrown in less; that there is ter, and he heard no Complaints for Want of Water, not so much Water alongside Newcastle Quay as when, nor did he fee any Ships receive Damage; that the River he was first a Pilot; but if there was, only small Ships Tyne would have contained a great many more; in the would load there, as it is not so convenient for large Time of the Rebellion, there was 730 and odd Ships Ships as at South Shields, and that he never saw large there; there can as many lye there now $ that there is Ships at Newcastle Quay.

Water for 20 Sail of Ships, of 20 and 24 Keels, to lay _ Your Committee next examined Mr. William Harri-Vol. 30. 5 A ftm.

fyt River*

t

230 Apr* . 176^5

a Pilot, who 'said, That hfc has known Haven 16 Years, and that he is a Branch Pilot; that T'inmouthBar is better now than it has been since he went to Sea; the Middle Ground is better now than it was 2 Years ago; be knows the Inn Sand, which, some Springs, is higher, and some lower; that it is lower now than it was 2 Years ago, aBd there is more Water upon it now; he has seen Ships, of 27 and 25 Keels, go abteaft between the Light Point and the Middle Ground, but that Ships cannot go over, except at high Spring Tides; about S or 9 Years ago he law 3 or Ships go over the Middle Ground, when it was not Spring Tides; that about 2 Months ago, at about Half Spring, he founded from W to the Ferry landing, and that at Winchip's Dock there are 14 Feet Water, and between that and the Ferry Boat Landing the re is a Angle Birth, where there is 16 Feet; at the Black Bull Stake, 13 Feet; off Burden's , 1 a Feet;

at the Smith's Key,' 10 Feet; and at the Ferry Boat

Landing, about 7 Feet; that the River, from the Bar to Winchip's Dock, is in general better now than ever he knew if.

And he gave the same Evidence as the Two last Wit-tiefles, as to the Distance from the Bar to 14 Fathom, the Number of Ships laying the re last Year, and the Capacity of the Harbour of receiving more; and said, that the Harbour is as good, or better, now, than ever he knew it, there being more Water on the South Side; that it has been a Custom for Ships to throw the Ballast in 14 Fathom Water, and that he never knew any In-conveniency arise from it; that in some Places on the Outside of the Girt, the largest Ships in the Coal Trade may load, but that he never saw Anchors dry there, or any where about it; that large Ships cannot go so high as Durtwich Sands to load, and very seldom go to Simp-

/on's Quay; and that Anchors will hold as well at South Shields as formerly.

Mr. William Gibson, a Sea Pilot, said. That be has

been a Pilot 30 Years; that he has known Haven ever since he was Pilot; that he has known the Middle Ground ever since he went to Sea; that the Bar, -the Middle Ground, and the Inn Sand, are better now than ever he knew them; that, there were 400 Sail of . Ships in the Harbour at one time last Winter, and if more had come, there was Room for them; that he does not think the Harbour is filling up, and that the River in general is as good now as ever he knew it, and as much Room for Ships to load; that he saw 3 Ships, of Fourteen Keels, go over the Middle Ground abreast, about a Month ago, at Spring Tide, and that there were then 22 Feet Water, and that he never saw Anchors dry on the Outside of the Girt.

Mr. Nehemiah Blagdon, Deputy Water Bailiff, was next examined, and laid, Hewas brought up to the Sea, and has been Master of a Ship above 20 Years; has used Tinmouth Haven 40 Years, is acquainted with Tinmouth Haven, and knows Burden's, Simpson's. Jar-

row, Heburn, Fryar's Goose, St. Anthony's, and Ballast Quays; that the Quays where Ships generally ,cast their Ballast are. Burdens, Cookson's, , and

/arrow; Heburn and Fryar's G, Keels cast on; and St. Anthony's and Willington, both Ships and Keels; that it

is not customary for Ships to go to those Quays which he has mentioned, only Keels go to, but they may go there if they please; that Ships frequently lay several Days alongside the Quays; and that he has known them lay sometimes 2 or 3 Weeks before they cast their Ballast on them, which prevents many more Ships from going the re than otherwise would; that the Method of uifcharging Ballast on the Quays, is by a Stage laid between the Ship or Keel and the Shore, to prevent any from falling into the River; and that it is trimmed up 3 Feet Distance from the Face of the Quay, and afterwards conveyed from 50 to 150 Yards distance; that he will venture to say the present Method of conveying

7

of Ballast will be little or no Charge for several Years to come, as ’tis but a little Way to lead; that he knows Durtwich Sand; that k once laid half over the River, and now it is close to the upper Part of North Shields; that there is a great deal more Room on the South Side; that when he first knew it. Ships could not work upon that Side, and now they can; that there is a Flat runs over from the upper Part of North Shields to the lower Part of Burden's Ballast Quay, the Southermost Part of which was dry Five Years ago, and it is now washed away; and there is 6 Feet Water there now, where it was then dry; that there is as good a Channel to the Southward of Durtwich Sand now, in the narrowest Part, as the Witness has known these 10 Years; and that Ships which load on that Side at 12, 14; or 15 Feet Watery may go with Safety to Sea at a proper Time of Tide and fair Wind, which is now practised; that he knows the Middle Ground > that it being of a moveable Nature, it often changes; that he has known it better and worse for these 10 Years past, but that it is better now than it was last Year; and that in some Places where there was but Feet Water there is now Six; that the Inn Sand is a changingSand; that he has known it half over the River; but he believes it to be as good now as _ it has been for 20 Years past; that the Inn Sand is no Obstruction to the Navigation to what it has been'; the Middle Ground is something of an Obstruction more than formerly, for the Witness remembers when there was no Middle Ground; that 20 Years ago the Middle Ground and Inn Sand joined together sometimes, and at other Times they were divided; and that he believes the Middle Ground was formerly called the Inn Sand; that there is a Sand wasted in calling, and sometimes blows off the Quays, but to a small Degree; that Ships of as great a Burthen can load now at South Shields as well as in any Time within his Memory; that Numbers of Ships frequently load there; that the River is in no Danger of filling up, having as much Water as he ever knew; that it is his Duty, as Water Bailiff, to inspetfl the River and inform of Nuisances; and that there are Boats constantly employed upon the River for that Purpose; that he has heard of Nuisances committed in the River, of which he has informed the Conservators; and the Persons complained of were fined according to the Damage; that he has known Wrecks of Ships and Vessels removed, and laid on Shore at the Expence of the Corporation; that he did not buy his Place, but he believes his Predecessor did; that he has no Advantage by the Warrants, as he has a certain Salary; and that his Place depends upon his good Behaviour, and the Will of the Corporation; he has been 10 Years Water Bailiff, but don’t know what Money has been laid out in removing the Sands; he never knew but 2 Keels employed, and they worked from August to the latter End of on the Middle

Ground, but cannot speak particularly to Time; that the River is as good now as ever he knew it; there is more Water, but less Room, at the upper Part of North Shields, it being doled up where small Ships used to lie; he knows nothing of the River above Point;

the last Time he founded the River a little above White-hill Point, about Simpson's Quay, was last Summer; that he had founded it before, and there was less Water than when he founded it last, but that he never founded higher since he was Water Bailiff; that 15 Sail of Ships of 15 Feet Draught of Water, may lie loaded on the South Side of Shieldsoppofite to Point; there

are not so many small Vessels lie at the High End of North Shields as formerly, there being other Places in the River for them; that he does not think quite so many Ships of i6£ and 17 Feet Draught of W ater can lie loaded at North Shields as could 20 Years ago, on account of the Sand being come down a little lower; these Sands in the River are occasioned by great Freshes coming down, the fine Part of the Soil mixing with the Water; and where any Points are in the River, it creates

an

5 Geo. III. 43°

an Eddy,‘and under any pbirit on Ebb Tide, Sands are found in all Rivers, and not under Flood Tide; Sands always go down the River by Degrees, and come to the Sea; if Sands come to the Bar in a high Sea it adds to that Bar; if it meet a smooth Sea it disperses on she Coad; that the greater Parts of the Sands are carried into the Sea, and other Sands come down and supply their Place; and if this had not been the same the River would have been Hopped long ago; Sullage of Ballad, or any other Thing lying in the Way in the River, are equally obdrudive: He said. He receives 4r.for ev?ry Warrant for unloading Ballad; that is i8d. to the Man who goes in the Keel to lee the Ballad is not waded, and accounts to the Corporation for the other Half Crown; but does not know for what Use: The Price of landing Ballad by Keels is according to the Quays; he believes at Burdens Quay it is 14^. a Ton; at ton Quay 13.'. 4 d.Keel Dues of 20 Tons, and a Keel Load is at Ton: He said,- He never knew of any Ships being funk on the Middle Ground, but there have been Ships that made a good deal of Water there, and for that lteafon received Damage; he cannot be exact to the Time, but it was within these 10 Years; he ha& known Ships formerly damaged on the Inn Sand; that there is a large Scalp of Ballad Sand and some Dirt out of the Country at the Upper End of Quay; and if

there was a Foot less Water at North Shields opposite Stephenson's House, it would be of bad Consequence, but be don’t fee how that can happen, as there is as much Water at that Place now as has been for 50 Years pad; if the Lower End of Durtwick Sand comes down any lower, it would hurt the River; but it may wash away again, as there is the same chance for that, as for its Increase; it is cudomary for Ships in fine Weather to heave out Ballad in 14 Fathom Water, but it is but a small Quantity, and never heard any damage arise from it, and cannot say whether any of it washes into the River, neither does he think that Sands wash into the River from the Sea; a Person is employed to watch, that Ballad is not cad in less than Fourteen Fathom, and if catched they are punished, but that leldom happens. And being asked, Whether Ships of as great a Draught of Water can heave out of the Girt of Long Quay with the feme Ease as formerly ? he said.There is less Water at Long Quay than there was, occasioned by the Sand coming in.

Mr. Robert fVifencraft, Mader of a Ship, was next

examined, and said. That he was at Haven

once, which was in December 1763, and that the Ship he was in was loaded with Corn, and drew 17 Feet Water; that he lay on the Outside the Girt a little below the Beehive,a Public House, at all Times of Tide, and never grounded; and that he asked the Pilot if there was any Danger in lying the re, and he told him none at all.

Mr. Samuel Marriott,a Farmer and Surveyor of Land, said. That he is acquainted with the River Tyne from the Conjunction of North and South Tyties down to Cow-bridge-, that he knows the DeviPs Water a little above Cowbridge; that in the Year 1763, according to his Calculation, there was about 35,000 Cubical Yards of Ground washed away from the Banks of the River Tyne and Devil’s Water; that it chiefly confided of a light Soil with some Gravel; that he imagines some Part of it might have been carried into the Sea; but that the coarse Gravel lies in Heaps in several Places; that the Sand would go down the River, and will lodge.

John Tweddale, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That he knows the River Tyne-, that there has been very great Land Floods there lately, which have damaged the River; that in December 1763 there was a remarkable one, which carried away great Quantities of Earth. A Paper containing an Account thereof he produced to your Committee, and is hereunto annexed, marked +; that he has not observed any particular Sand Banks have arisen in the River above Hexham since that Earth was carried away; none that bear the lead proportion to the Earth and Gravel taken away.

Vox.. 30.

Sir Thomas Clavering, being examined, laid, That by Tyne River the Flood in 1763, when he went a Shooting upon the Moors, the lad Year, he observed a Moss at the Head of the River Derwent (which runs into the River; 5 or 6 or more Acres of it was entirely waftied away 2 or 3 Feet deep, which had lodged in the Sides of the River, and came down the whole Length to the; that the Flat Land upon the River Side, near to where the Der- , went goes into the Tyne, was covered with Sand in some Places a Foot thick, so that the Tenants were under the Necessity of removing it with Carts.

Mr. Joseph Robson, an Engineer, who lives at Sunderland, being examined, said, That he has known Tin-mouth Haven Forty Years, particularly for Ten Years; that the Sands in the River are as great Obdrudions now as they ever can be; that they are occasioned by the Sands being brought down by the Great Land Floods; but while the Receiver (or Bed of the River) continues in its full Extent, that Haven.will always be capable of receiving Ships of the feme Draught of Water as use that Port now; that in all Rivers that have great Receivers the Tide runs into those Rivers with great Rapidity, and the Stream that comes from the Land meets the influx of the Sea, and swells it to a considerable Height; that about Ten or Twelve Miles up the Tyne, when the Influx recedes (or goes back) the Reflux runs out of the River with a greater Force than it came in, and consequently will scour out the Sands brought down by the great Land Floods, and will keep that Port open and capable of receiving Ships of as great a Draught of Water as use that Port now; and that the River Tyne, in his Opinion, will be capable of receiving as many such Ships as use the Port, as long or longer than the Coal Mines upon that River will lad.

That he knows the Inn Sand; that there are Quays built above it, which project into the River and keep the Stream from having Effect upon the Inn Sand; that he knows the Middle Ground; that there are Two Points,

One on each Side the River, against which the Reflux falls very strong, and projects the Stream from each.

Point in an oblique Direction across the River; they therefore mutually destroy the Force of each other, and also destroy the Force of the direct Stream, and make an Eddy below, which he apprehends to be the Cause of the* Middle Ground.

This Middle Ground is of a moveable Nature, and appears to him to be very difficult to remove so as not to be formed again; but that taking Sand from it will make the Water better; he founded it, and found from 12 to 6 Feet; and he produced to your Committee a Paper, being an Eye Sketch of the River Tyne, which is hereunto annexed, N* 4.; and he further laid. That he knows Durtwich Sand, it is much narrower than when he fird knew it; what has come off from the South Side has made it narrower, and is lodged at the Lower End nearer to North Shields, and makes a Point of Land there; and therefore the Channel is much broaderby that Sand being narrower; that he founded off the Durtwich Sand, and found from 6 Feet gradually to 17 at the Lower Point of it in the bed of the Channel; at the South Side of that Point, opposite a dry Dock, there is 13 Feet at Low Water; and that the Breadth of the River, from Quay to Quay, at the Upper End of South Shields, is 460 Yards; below that and opposite the Inn Sand is 371 Yards; that there are more Sands brought down the River within this i£ Year or Two Years, by the great Floods, than have been for many Years; that he does not think the Sands in the River are chiefly owing to the London Ballad; but, as he apprehends, by the Sands coming down with the Floods; that every Ton of gross Matter put into the River mud be in a Degree prejudicial; that the Floods bring down Sullage and Sand, which is apt to form into Heaps, and in Time to form Obstructions; that he has known great Sands driven down Rivers by Floods, and in the Time he has been preparing to remove them they have gone away with the

Stream;

23° Aprilis. A. 1765,

Rivet. Stream; and has known Sands caused by the Flux and Reflux; that the Navigation of the River appears to him as practicable as formerly.

In the present State of D Sand it may be feme small Obstruction, but, as he apprehends, there is foffi-cient Room for Ships to go pad that Sand; and, as it is his Opinion, it will not continue there long; the Obstruction it may caui'e appears to be very inconsiderable; that if there had been a great Expence bellowed to take away the Sands in the River , as has been upon the River Wear before the late great Freshes within these Two Years, he apprehends it would, notwithstanding that Expence, have been in the same State as it is now, for where any new Sands have been made within these Two Years by the late Freshes, they would have been made again by these Freshes, even if there had been as great an Expence bellowed as there had been at Sunderland; for if a Tree, Root, or a Bush with Earth to its Roots, is brought down by the Land Floods, and is stopt in a wide Part of the River, it is great Odds but a Sand Bank will be made there; that mofl of the Sand that comes down the River goes over the Bar, otherwise the River would have been filled up many Years ago; the Sand which is gone from the South Side of Durtwich Sand has made lo much Room there, that, in his Opinion, it fully compensates for the Obstruction made by the Low End of Durtwich Sand; and that as many Ships may lay at South Shields as formerly, and the Preservation of the Harbour depends upon keeping the Bar clear.

That Colliers dispose of their Ballast at Sunderland, by putting it into Keels, which carry it to and call it upon the Quays; some few Ships at particular Times fend it out to Sea, but the Commissioners put a Stop to it, apprehending it was a Prejudice to the Port of Sunderland', the Sand and Soil taken out of the River Wear, was some time ago carried behind a Point of Land on the North Side of that River, and threw it out behind a large Shelf of Rocks; but the Commissioners apprehending it to be also prejudicial, ordered the Witness to fend no more Ballast to Sea.

The Quantity of Coals mentioned in the Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of New-cajife, to have been exported was admitted.

Your Committee closed their Examination with the Evidence of

Mr. Thomas Aubone, Secretary to the Trinity House at Newcastle, who said. He has been at Two general Soundings in the River Tyne, one in the Year >752, and the ether in the Year 1765; that the Method of Sounding is by the Master and Brethren of the Trinity House in a Barge, and the Pilots in Two Boats, One on the South Side and the other on the North, and found the River all the Way down; that the Barge keeps in thebeft of the Channel, and the Pilots on board of her are dhrested to

make the Soundings; and that the Soundings were put down in the Barge as they occurred. Copies of which are hereunto annexed, N* 5 and 6. That the Soundings in 175a was taken at Low Water Spring Tides; and those in 1765, at or near Low Water Mark, as near as could be guessed, and not quite Spring Tides; and that they allowed 6 Inches for the Difference of Tide; that the Channel of the River opposite to Black Steatk is on the North Side, but in the Year 1752 it was on the South; that there is 6 Feet Water in the Channel opposite Black St eat h at Low Water; and there is 7 and 8 Feet all the Way down to Willington Quay; that he knows Durtwich Sand, which is grown up to the Northward, but it has made a better railage for Shipping to come up and down on the South Side; that he founded the Bar in 1764, and found on the South Side 7 Feet Water, on the North Side 9 Feet; near the Sparrow Hawk 9 Feet, and with the Lights half open 9 Feet.

And he further said. That the River is better now than formerly; and that it is for the Interest of the Con-fervators, who are (the most Part of them) great Coal Owners, as well as for the Benefit of the Public, to keep the River open, and as free from Nuisances as possible; that he remembers Captain Cole being Mailer of the Trinity House, and that there was a Plan proposed, feme Part whereof he believes wai to throw all Ballad upon Quays, and to abolish the Use of Keels.

And being asked, Whether Captain Cole did not advise that the Conservators should cleanse the River up to farrow and Willington Quays; that large Ships might throw their Ballad at Burden's and Simpson'% Quays, and smaller Ships at farrow and Willington Quays ? he said. That has been the Opinion of the Trinity House in general; that the Witness had seen Captain Cole the other Day, who told him he was summoned by an Order from the Committee, to be examined on behalf of the Petitioners, and that he was discharged from attending here, for that he told the Witness Mr. Letteney said he would be of no Service to them; that there always is Room and Depth of Water sufficient for large Ships to go to Burden's Cookson's, and Simpforis Quays at proper Times of Tide; that he thinks the Channel of the River is rather contracted; but by his Observation in Soundings in the Years 1752 and 1765 he thinks the Bed of the River is rather better; that he is a Freeman of Newcastle, and that he was unanimously chose Secretary to the Trinity House, and is re-e!ected annually, according to the usual Form of the House, and is also Receiver of the Town Dues; the River jury are composed of Seamen and Tradesmen, but he believes the Majority are Trades-men; that there are great Freshes in the River feme-times, and particularly in the Year 1763 the Water role 10 Feet above the ordinary Course of the Tide.

A P P E N-

5 Geo. III. 230 Jpr 369

APPENDIX.

N* I.

Netvcajllc 7 At a Court held for the Conservation of the River Tyne, at the Guildhall of the said Town, by Custom,

upon Tyne, 3 Time out of Mind, on Monday the 22d Day of October, in the 27th Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great , and Ireland, King,

Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord 1753, before the Right Worshipful Henry Eden Esquire, Mayor, Matthew Ridley, Cuthbert Smith, and William Peareth, Esquires and Aldermen, and Conservators of the said River Tyne.

WHEREAS several Mailers of Ships trading and resorting to this Port, do take upon them, on their Arrival here with their Ships or Vessels, to call such Ballad, Rubbish, Gravel, Earth, Stones, Wreck, or Filth, as they bring in with them, into any Keel, Boat, or Lighter, that will receive the same, without any Warrant for that Purpose; or examining or enquiring whether such Keel, &c. is properly authorized and appointed to be employed in that Service.

And whereas divers and sundry Keelmen, and others, do take upon them to receive the Ballad, &c. out of such Ships or Vessels into their Keels, Boats, or other Vessels; although the Maders of such Ships have no Warrant to cad their Ballad into such Keels, &c. as in the like Cafes has been always used and accudomed.

And whereas several Keelmen, to whom Liberty is granted to take the Ballad, &c. out of Ships at Shields, and to carry the same to the Ballad Shores, do frequently cad the said Ballad, &c. at other Places than they are appointed and directed to do, by the Warrants so granted them for that Purpose; whereby great Damage is done to the River Tyne.

And whereas several Proprietors of Shores and Keys upon the River Tyne, do frequently permit and suffer Ballad to be cast on their Shores, &c. although the Persons cading the same do not produce and shew a proper Warrant directing such Ballad to be cad thereon, as in the like Cafes is usual.

And whereas several Proprietors of Shores and Keys upon the River Tyne, do also frequently allow Ballad to be cad and thrown on their Keys, &c. notwithstanding such Keys, &c. are not properly authorised, appointed, and set apart by this Court to receive the same; all which Practices are deemed highly prejudicial to the River Tyne, and contrary to the several Orders of this Court, and ought not to be permitted and differed. In Order therefore to remedy such Abuses and Nuisances for the future, and for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the said River, this Court doth think fit to order, and doth hereby accordingly order,

That no Mader or Matters of Ships or Vessels, or other Persons intruded with, or having the Government of any Ships or Vessels trading or resorting to, or frequenting this Port, shall at any Time or Times hereafter cast any Ballast, Rubbish, Gravel, Earth, Stones, Wreck, or Filth, into any Keel, Boat, Lighter, or other Vessel whatsoever, unless such Matter or Matters, or other Person intruded with the Care of such Ship, &c. as aforesaid, be thereunto duly licensed, as hath been antiently accustomed, by Warrant from the Water Bailiff, or his Deputy for the Time being; upon Pain of forfeiting for every Keel Load of Ballad, fice. which such Matter or other Person intruded as aforesaid, shall cast contrary to the Tenor and true Intent and Meaning of this Order, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

And it is further Ordered, That no Keelman or Keelmen shall hereafter take any Ballast, &c. out of Ships or other Vessels, until such Time as they shall see the Warrant or Authority granted to the Matter of such Ships, &c. as aforesaid, for so doing; upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence for every Keel Load of Ballast, &c. which they shall so take out of such Ship or other Vessel, contrary to the Directions of this Order.

And it is further Ordered, That if any Ballast be from henceforth cast out of any Keel, upon any other Ballast Shore than what they are appointed and directed to cast the said Ballast at, by the Warrant to be granted them as aforesaid, then the Skipper and Men belonging to such Keel shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Time they, or any of them, shall be guilty of the said Offence.

And it is further Ordered, That if any Proprietor or Owner of any Key or Shore, on the River Tyne, (properly licensed and appointed for the Reception of Ballast) shall and do hereafter permit and suffer any Ballast, &c. to be cast on such Key, &c. without a proper Warrant for that Purpose, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every Keel Load of Ballast so cast, without such Authority, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

And it is further Ordered, That if any Proprietor or Owner of any Key or Shore, on the River Tyne, (not properly licensed and appointed for the Reception of Ballast) shall, notwithstanding such Incapacity, permit and suffer any Ballast to be cast thereon, without giving Notice and Information thereof to this Court; every such Proprietor or Owner so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Keel Load of Ballast so cast upon any such their Key or Shore as aforesaid.

And whereas, it is suggested to this Court, that many of the above Offences are done through Ignorance, because the several Orders heretofore made by this Court, to remedy such Abuses, are not sufficiently made public and known: It is therefore hereby Ordered, That Copies of this Order be printed and fixed up at all public Places in this Town, and at North Shields and South Shields, to the End that the same may be the better known to all Mailers of Ships, Keelmen, See. and that they may pay due Observance to the fame, as they will answer the Contrary, &c.

By the Court,

CUTHBERTSON.

Vo L. 30.

5 B

N° 2.

Tyne

River.

37°

2.30 Ap

A. 1765

N' 2.

Tyne Town and County of) At a Court held for the Conservation of the River Tyne, by Custom, Time out of Mind, River. NeucaJlle-upon-Tyue.3 in the Guildhall of the said Town, on Monday the 5th Day of November, in the Fifth

Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, King of Great Britain, &c. and in the Year of our Lord 1764, before the Right Worshipful Sir Walter Blacket, Baronet, Mayor; the Worshipful William Peareth, Henry Partis, William Matthew Bell, and Aubone Surtees, Esquires and Aldermen, Conservators of the said River . Tyne.

Calling Ballad on 7 /'"'lOM P L A I NT having been made to this Court, that the River hath for some Ballall Keys. \ y >> Time pad been greatly prejudiced, by the carelessly calling Ballad upon Ballad Keys, and neglecting to trim or Ihovel such Ballad back from the Face of the Keys, after the same hath been so cad thereon; by which Carelessness and Negligence, great Quantities of Ballad have fallen from the said Keys into the said River, to the Impediment of the Navigation thereof.

It is therefore Ordered, That every Mader of any Ship or Vessel, who shall hereafter bring his Ship or Vessel to any Ballad Key of the said River, to have his Ballad cad thereon, shall, before the cading thereof be begun, oblige the Caders and proper Persons to be employed therein, by Contract or Agreement, to undertake to cad all such Ballad, Gravel, or other Rubbish, upon every such Key, as far back from the Face or Edge thereof as they possibly can, and with the lead Prejudice to the River that may be. And al.so during the Time of the Cading thereof (if necessary) and immediately afterwards, to trim or diovel the same back Three Feet at lead from the Face or Edge of the Key: And that every such Mader shall be obliged to cause the same to be done at his own Expence and Peril; and shall not employ, nor suffer to be employed, in the Cading such Ballad, any Person or Persons but only those who shall actually undertake to cad and trim the same as aforesaid. And in case of any Neglect or Default therein, an Information shall lie against every such Mader for the fame, to be made and taken either in this Court, or before any one of the Conservators of the said River out of Court: And if taken before a Conservator, he shall issue his Summons to the Mader, to appear at the then next Court, to answer such Information, which the Conservator shall present to such next Court: And if upon the Hearing thereof, the Fact shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Court, every such Mader shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, such Fine as the Court shall order in that behalf, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds. And upon Nonpayment thereof, or Refusal to pay the same upon Demand, the same shall be levied by the Warrant, or Order of this Court, upon the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, of the Ship or Vessel out of which the Ballad, Gravel, or Rubbidi was cad. And in case of any wilful Breach, Neglect, or Default in the Premises, by any of the Caders, or Persons who shall be so employed as aforesaid, contrary to their Agreement with the Mader in that behalf, then upon the Complaint or Information of the Mader, either to this Court, or to one of the said Conservators (who shall summon the Offender or Offenders, and present the Information to the then next Court as aforesaid) and upon proving the Agreement, and the Breach, Neglect, or Default of the Person or Persons offending, to the Satisfaction of the Court, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, such Fine as the Court shall order in that Respect, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings a-piece: And upon Non-payment thereof, or Refusal to pay the same upon Demand, the Offender or Offenders shall be otherwise punished as the Court shall order. And it is further Ordered, That if any Skippers of Keels, Keelmen, or others, shall hereafter cad or throw any Ballad, Gravel, or Rubbish, out of any Keel or smaller Vessel, upon any of the said Ballad Keys, carelessly or negligently, and not as far back from the Face or Edge of the Key as they possibly can, and with the lead Prejudice to the River that may be, all such Skippers, Keelmen, and others, or any of them so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine as this Court shall order, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings a-piece, to be recovered against them in this Court, by such Proceedings and in such Manner as aforesaid: And in case of Non-payment thereof, or Refusal to pay the same upon Demand, the same shall be levied by the Warrant or Order of this Court, upon the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture of the Keel or Vessel, out of which the Ballad, Gravel, or Rubbish was cad; or else the Offender or Offenders shall be otherwise punished as the Court shall order. And it is further Ordered, That the Ballad Conveyers, of every Ballad Key adjoining upon the said River, shall, as often as any Ballad, Gravel, or Rubbish, shall be cad upon their respective Ballad Keys, from out of any Keel or smaller Vessel, immediately after the Cading thereof, cause the same to be trimmed or shovelled back Three Feet at lead from the Face or Edge of every such Key: And in case of any N eg I eft or Default therein, every such Ballad Conveyer shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, such Fine as this Court shall order in that behalf, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered against them in this Court, by such Proceedings and in such Manner as aforesaid: And in case of Non-payment thereof, or Refusal to pay the same upon Demand, every such Ballad Conveyer shall be otherwise punished as this Court shall order. Amd it is further Ordered, That printed Copies of this Order be put up at the most public Places in this Town, and at North and South Shields, to the Intent that the same may be the better known to all Maders of Ships, Skippers of Keels, Keelmen, Ballad Conveyers, and others whom it may concern, who are hereby required to take Notice thereof, and to pay due Obedience o the fame, as they will answer the Contrary at their Peril.

By the Court,

GIBSON.

N’3-

5 Geo. III.

371

23

o

N* 3*

In Charles the III, a Quo JVarranto was brought, to know by what Authority the Corporation

upon Ballast brought into the River of Tyne.

They pleaded.

That the Town of NezvcaJUe was a Borough by Prescription, that by such Prescription Conservators of the River and- Haven of Tyne, and were liable to cleanse, scour, preserve, and keep the same a Qsfe Station or Harbour for Ships, and that they had immemorially, and then continued from Time to Time to lay out large Sums of Money in cleaning and preserving the said River and Haven.

That the Corporation had Time immemorially erected Wharfs for receiving Ballast, &c. call out of Ships, being in the said Ha\en, and applying to the fame, and had maintained their Wharfs and made other new Wharfs at their own Expence, and on their own Grounds, as the Water and the Ground on the bottom thereof covered with the Flowers of the Sea, and being within the Flood Mark from Sparrow Hazvk to Hedden Streams, had been and were Parcel of a Fee Farm granted to the said Town at the Rent of £. ioo per Annum-, and when the Ballast cast on the said Wharf fell down from the same, or was washed by the Water into the Entrance or Mouth of the River, or fell from Ships or Lighters in unloading, the Corporation at their own Costs had, from Time to Time, removed the fame.

received the Duty Tyne River.

they claithed to bfe

N. b. N° 4. Being an Eye Sketch of the River Tyne, and the Paper marked +, being an Account of Lands washed away by Floods in 1763, are preservd with the Report.

N* 5*

From the South Shore to Dent's Hole Buoy -Fryer Goose -

Fcllon Staith ——

St. Anthony % Buoy - -

From the Buoy to the Lower End of sKey, from -

Bill Point, the Channel narrow -

From the Point to Moody’s Key -

The Channel on the South Side.

From Moody's Key to the Upper End of Key, from

To the Upper End of Hebburn Key -

*752:

6 Feet*» 12 Feet. 12 Feet.

5 Feet*

7 to 8 f Feet.

6 Feet. 11 Feet.

8 to 5 Feet. 5 Feet.

The Channel on the South Side.

From the Upper End of Hebburn Key to the Lower End -----8 Feet.

At the Key had not above ----- 3 Feet.

On the Pace ----- 2§ Feet.

Buoy of the North Road, Channel not broad - - - 10 Feet.

From the Buoy to the Black Staith - -- from n to 9 Feet.

Channel of good Breadth.

Muck House, the Channel in the Middle of the River - - - - 5 Feet.

From the Muck House to within a Cable’s Length of Jarrow Key from 3£ to 6 Feet Water.

The Channel very narrow.

Idigh End of Jarrow Key ----- - from 10 to 11 Feet.

At the Dock ----- 10 Feet.

Down to the Lower End of the Key good Water.

Crossing over to Hay Hole -----4 Feet.

In Hay Hole ----- la Feet*

The Channel very narrow on Account of the Point of Jcnrow Sand stretching over to the North Shore*

On the Middle Ground - -- -6 Feet.

On the Tongue of the Inn Sand ----- -----9 Feet.

The Inn Sand near the Buoy dries at Low Water.

Vol. 30.

N'

372

23° — 24°

A. 1765

Tyne

River.

British

Fishery.

Discovery of the Longitude.

N° 6.

South Shore ----- 7 Feet.

Fryer Goose - -- --- -----12 Feet.

Fellon Staith - -- -- - -12 Feet.

From thence to Saint Anthony'% Buoy - -- from 12 to 7 Feet.

From the Buoy to Bill Point ----- from 7 to 7$ Feet narrow.

From the Point to the Lower End of Moody % Key - -- - - - 10 to 13 Feet.

To the Upper End of Wincombe Key ----- 13 Feet.

From thence to the Upper End of Hebburn Key - -- 7 Feet.

And to the Lower End of Ditto ----- from 7 to 5 Feet.

From thence over the Pace to the Buoy of the North Road ----- 3 Feet.

From the said Buoy to the Upper End of Willington Key, from 3 Feet to 8 Feet, the Channel on the North Side.

From the Upper Ehd of the said Key to the Lower End ----- from 9 to i» Feet.

From Howdon Pan Key to the Lower End of Jarrow Key, the Channel tending to the Southward,

from 10 to 5 Feet.

From the Lower End of Jarrow Key to Whitehill Point, from 9 to 13 Feet, the Channel very broad. From Whitehill Point to the Glass-houses on the South Shore, South , no Ground with a 13 Feet Pole.

From the said Glass-houses to Burden's Ballast Key, the Channel on the South Side, from 9 to 13 Feet.

From Burden's Ballast Key to the Breast of the Scarp on the North Side of , no Ground with a 13 Feet Pole.

February the 12th, 1765.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that Sands and Banks have been increasing for some Years in the River Tyne, and render the Navigation hazardous and difficult, and, if not soon removed, will become very dangerous Obstructions;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Encouragement'of the British White Herring Fishery, was committed;

Ordered, That the Lord Orwell do make the said Report.

The Lord Orwell accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Pocock, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and rendering more effectual Two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, and the several other Petitions relating to Silk, were severally referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24.0 die Martii \

Anno 5° Georgii III*" Regis, 1765. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Bristow, Esquire, in the County of Norfolk, and for applying the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to

be

Silk

Manufacture

Bristow’s

Estates.

5 Geo. III. 24°

373

Phelps*

Estates.

Wyches

Estate.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Britishi

Fishery.

Accounts; Coffee and Chocolate.

be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles MordaMr. Mr.

Gascoyne, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lawrence, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Mr.

Waller, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Burton, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Cooke, Sir Brooke Bridges, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Sir William Baker, Mr. Howard, Mr. Dyson, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Way, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Knight, Sir Sir Simeon Stuart, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Sebright, Sir Armine Wode house; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Mary Phelps Widow, deceased, given and deviled by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Hewett, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Dyson, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Bacon, Lord Downe, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Howard, Sir William Baker, General Howard, Sir George Savile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Somerset; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Peter Wyche Esquire, at Goadby, alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of Leicester, in Trull, to be conveyed to the most noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Cor new all. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Dyson, General Howard, Mr. Manners, Mr. Edmonfone, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Cooke, Sir Lynch Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Burrard, the Mailer of the Rolls, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Howard, Sir William Baker, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Bacon, Lord Downe, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Carysfort, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bidler, Lord Robert Manners-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, York, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First 'Pime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An ingrossed Bill for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Encouragement of the tish White Herring Fishery.

Ordered, That the Lord Orwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties Vol. jo.

upon Coffee, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing so much thereof as hath arisen upon Coffee imported from the British Plantations in Ameriand from other Places, in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties upon Chocolate, for the last Ten Yearj; distiugnishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term of, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the joth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognal, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Out-gang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, is committed.

Mr. Willoughby reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Willoughby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Dorothy late Countels Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for inverting Part of the Money arising by fych Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt alfefting the same Prc-mises, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now {land limited, or so many of them as shall b^then existing; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. F/Vz-herbert, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. tagu, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gray, Lord George Mr. Penton,

Mr. Cocks, Lord John CaveMr. Mr.

Willoughby, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Yorke, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Way, Sir Anthony

Abdy, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Sir William

Meredith, Mr. Biackftone, Mr. Bacon, Lord North, Mr. Rice, Mr. Morton, Sir George SMr. Hewett, Mr. Anson, Sir Charles Hardy, Lord Middlesex, Lord Orwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, York, Lincoln, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

5 C Mr.

Spalding High Bridge, Sec. Road.

Taylor*

Estates.

Countess of Burlington’* Estate*.

r

iRoyal A font to Bills*

King's

Speech

Reported.

Mcfuge for the House to continue fitting.

374

44° Aprilis. 1765.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

Ar.d being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills following; viz.

An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Arch-bishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, of Tythes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for One, Two, or Thtee, Life or Lives, or Twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases, and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved, and in Arrear, on Leases for Life or Lives.

An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker also reported, That His Majesty was afterwards pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The tender Concern which I feel for My faithful Subjects, makes Me anxious to provide for every possible Event, which may afifeft their future Happinel's or Security.

My late Indisposition, though not attended with Danger, has led Ale to consider the Situation, in which My Kingdoms, and My Family, might be left, if it should please God to put a Period to My Life, whilst My Success’or is of tender Years.

The high Importance of this Subject to the Public-Safety, good Order, and Tranquillity; the Paternal Affection, which I bear to My Children, and to all My People; and My earned Desire, that every Precaution should be taken, which may tend to preserve the Constitution of Great Britain undisturbed, and the Dignity and Lustre of its Crown unimpaired; have determined Me to lay this weighty Bufinet's before My Parliament: And as My Health, by the Blessing of God, is now re-llored, I take the earliest Opportunity of meeting you here, and of recommending to your most serious Deliberation the making such Provision as would be necef-t'ary, in case any of my Children should succeed to the Throne, before they shall respectively attain the Agjt of Eighteen Years.

To this End, I propose to your Consideration, Whether, under tffe present Circumstances, it will not be expedient to veil in Me the Power of appointing, from Time to Time, by Instruments in Writing, under My Sign Manual, either the Queen, or any other Person of My Royal Family usually residing in Great Britain, to be the Guardian of the Person of such Success’or, and the Regent of these Kingdoms, until such Successor shall attain the Age of Eighteen Years; subject to the like Restrictions and Regulations as are specified and contained in an Act, passed upon a similar Occasion, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of the late King, My Royal Grandfather: The Regent so appointed to be assisted by a Council, composed of the several Persons, who, by reason of their Dignities and Offices, are constituted Members of the Council established by that Act, together with those whom you may think proper to leave to My Nomination.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, that this House will continue fitting for some Time.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to continue fitting for some Time, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again Withdrew.

Sir George Savile reported front the Committee, to Tickhill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Inclosure. mons, called The High and Low Commons, in the Parish of Tickhill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, was committed^That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 31 Common Rights, and 195 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and the Proprietors of Three Common Rights, and 19 Acres of Land, who could not be found; and that the whole Property in the said Parish consists of 196 Common Rights, and 2,616 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing the Vicar to Lease his Share.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that all Lcales of Vicarial or Small Tythes shall be void, when Division made.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for carrying into Execution a Contrail, made n}e of pursuant to the Ail of Parliament of the Twelfth of Man. his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Iflind and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Cha r.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The

Agents for Prize Money.

Ways md Means.

Address oo the King Speech.

5 Geo. lit. 240 Jprilis. 375

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Peter Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grafted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid into the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Resolutions of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 14th Day of March last and the 4th Day of this Instant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

0 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this H >use will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice s Pratt and the Lord Chief Baron Parker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed upon an Address to be presented to His Majesty; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Address was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, presume to approach Your lacred Person, with our warmest Acknowledgments of the peculiar Goodness expressed in Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We humbly entreat Your Majesty’s Acceptance of our heartiest Congratulations upon Your Recovery from Your late indisposition. Your Majesty’s Return to Your Parliament has difiipated all those anxious Sensations, which the Occasion of Your Absence had excited: And as the Re-establishment of Your invaluable Health is an Object to Your faithful People of the sincereft, Joy and Exultation, Your Majesty has shewn a most affectionate Regard to their Satisfaction, in condescending to take the earliest Opportunity of giving them so pleating a Proof of it.

This great Mark of Your Majesty’s Attention demands our most sincere and dutiful Thanks: But we have before us a (till more engaging Instance of Your watchful Solicitude for our future Security and Happiness.

Vol. 30.

The constant Tenor of Your just and constitutional Government, distinguished and endeared to Your Kingdoms by an unwearied Application to the Advancement of their Interests and Prosperity, had already filled our Minds with a most cordial Sense of Gratitude. The new Proof, which Y our Majesty is now pleased to give us, of Your truly Paternal Tenderness, by extending Your Concern for the Stability, Dignity, and Lustre of Your Crown, with all the happy Effects of Your Love to Your Royal Children, and to \rour faithful Subjects, beyond the Period of Your own Continuance among them, mud inspire us with fti'l higher Degrees, if poflibie, of Reverence and Affection.

Whiift we contemplate, with Admiration, that Magnanimity which enables Your Majesty to look forward, with a cool Composure of Thought, to an Event, which, whenever it should please God to permit it, must overwhelm Your Loyal Subjects with the bitterest Detraction of Grief; we cannot but be deeply affected with that compassionate Sentiment of Your Royal Heart, which iuggefts a Provision for their Comfort under lb severe an Alflidtion.

May it nleafe the Divine Providence to exempt us from the fatal Necessity of such a Consolation ! Your Majesty has shewn, from the First Day of Your au-fpicious Reign, so conlcientious a Regard to the Laws and Liberties, the Religious and Civil Rights, of Your Kingdoms; that we should be insensible and unworthy of the Happiness we ourselves enjoy, if we did not ardently with to transmit it under the same gracious Care and Protection to our Children.

Yet, feeling, as we do, the infinite Importance of every Measure that may tend to the perpetuating, in all Events, our happy Constitution; in Deference to Your Majesty’s Recommendation, and under a full Conviction of that consummate Prudence, and beneficent Intention, which were the Motives of it, we will not fail to apply ourselves to the immediate Discussion of the high and momentous Object, which Your, Majesty has been pleased to propose *to our Consideration.

Our Deliberations concerning it will be animated by the Hopes of securing to our Posterity, under the Blessing of Almighty God, and in Concurrence with Your Majesty’s salutary Designs, the inestimable Blessing of a legal Protestant Succession to the Crown of theie Realms in Your Royal Family; and will be influenced by a just Confidence in Your Princely Wisdom, and Paternal Concern for Your People.

We shall go into this Conlultation with a sensibl.e Anxiety, arising from the Subject of it; but we humbly assure Your Majesty, that we will conclude it with all the Dispatch compatible with its Angular Importance; repeating at the same Time, our earned Supplications, that, through the Mercy of God upon this Protestant Church and Nation, a Precaution so expedient in Pro-spedt, may become useless in the Event; by Your Majesty’s living to ferm, under Your own Instruction, a Successor worthy to inherit the Allegiance and Affections of a free People, by a long and mature Attention to the Example of Your Royal Virtues.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address.

And the Blank therein was filled up with the Words " and Commons."

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the said Address to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, that he had, pursuant to their Order, canied the said Address to the Lords; and had acquainted them, that this House had agreed to the lame; and that he - had left the said Address with their Lordships.

The

Address

1 the King’* Speech.

Ditto.

240 Ap

A. 1765.

Matters in

Chancery's

Salaries.

Tiie Order of the Day being read, for the House to refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider further of the Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be liihited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to accelerate the Proceedings before Matters in Chancery;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^!^ert,n n ]

’ £Mr. George Onslow: J

m , r xf f Mr. IVilbraham Bootle, )

Tellers for the Noes, > Mr E/iai HarVcy . \

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Security, a certain Sum of Money, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of,

belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interest arising therefrom for the Benefit of the said Suitors;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

41.

60.

Tellers for the Yeas fLord

1 blicio 1U1 UlC A Luo* \ f'y 1 r t I / Zu>

£ General Howard: }

Tellers for the Noes{^ <* } «J.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

.Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Militia Pay The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Clothing. ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more easy levying the Penalties upon Militia Men, not joining their Corps at their Annual Exercise, or leaving them before the Expiration thereof.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Older of the Day being read; Silk

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee of the whole Manufacturt, House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers of London, in behalf of themselves and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; and the several other Petitions, relating to Silk; were severally referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Eight Shillings per Pound Weight, be laid upon all Plain Wrought Silks, and Plain Velvets, of Foreign Manufacture, imported into Great Britain; except such Plain Wrought Silks, and Plain Velvets, as are of the Manufacture of France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Eight Shillings per Pound Weight, be laid upon all Brocaded, Flowered, Figured, or Clouded Silks and Velvets, of the Manufacture of France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Pound Thre^Shillings, be laid on every Pound Weight of all Brocaded, Flowered, Figured, or Clouded Silks or Velvets, of Foreign Manufacture, imported into Great Britain, except such Brocaded, Flowered, Figured, or Clouded Siiks or Velvets, as are of the Manufacture of France, and except such Wrought Silks or Velvets, as shall be manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provisions made by an Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for securing the Duties pa) able upon the Importation of Velvets, Wrought Silks, and Silks mixed with other Materials, be further extended and enforced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provisions made by an Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages, bo extended to the Workmen employed in the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk, imported into Great Britain, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That in Lieu of the said former Duties, there be granted to His Majesty, a Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence, upon the Importation into Great Britain of every Pound of Raw Silk, each Pound containing Twenty-four Ounces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Sixpence upon every Pound Weight of Thrown Silk, imported into Great Britain, each Pound containing Sixteen Ounces; over and above all other Duties now payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of One Shilling be allowed, upon every Pound Weight of Raw Silk, exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of the said additional Duty, of Sixpence per Pound Weight of Thrown Silk, be allowed upon all Thrown Silk, exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for the better encouraging the British Manufacture of Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves,

4 the

5 Geo. III. 446^-2i

s'lk r the Importation of Foreign manufactured Silk Stock-

Mmailurc. jngS) Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great and the British Dominions, be prohibited.

The Eight first of the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Ninth Resolution being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " from Great Britain to land."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said llesolutions; and that Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Cuji, Mr. Prefeot, Lord Howe, Mr.

kinson, Mr. IP/lately, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Hewett, Colonel Howe, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Sir William

Meredith. Mr. DowdeJ'well, Mr. Fiizherbert, Mr. Ward, and Sir George Warren, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dhto. Ordered, That Mr. Touchet have Leave to make a

Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or

jo one of the said Bills, for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

a ApriliL

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisi25° dieAt prills;

Anno 50 Georgii III*11 Regis, 176^.

Pr AYERS.

MR. Frederick Montagu reported from the Com- $t. John’s

mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the and Dering* Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain undivided dilates. Parts or Shares belonging to the honourable John Saint John an Infant, and Edward Dering> also an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John Saint John and Edward Dering, respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Accoant;

Sugars.

Altering Times of Payment of certain Annuities.

Tythe of Madder.

Carmarthen

Roads.

Bo'beck

inclosme.

Emload

Joclosure.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Bounty on the Exportation of British refined Sugars, for the lass Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holforcl and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwely in the County of Carmarthen-, and also several Roads leading from dilo, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland; with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the county of ; with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And lhen the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 30.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, a (Word to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several and Sheldon Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Inclosur* Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and,

in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First: of the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harris and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Time House, that His Majesty had appointed to be attended appointed with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, this ^receiving Day at One of the Clock, at his Palace of Saint James-, rcs' and that the Lords intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Ashford port, which was made from the Committee, to whom and Sheldon the Bill- for dividing and inclosing the several Fields and Inclosure-Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, in the Pari fh of Bakewell, and County of Derby, was re-committed, be adjourned till Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour Export, and after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself Import, of into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Wool‘ for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Manufactures made up with Wool or Wool-flecks, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the said Kingdom;

5 D and

378 ^5° ApA. 1765*

and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Batchers. Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen , intituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield-, and forgiving Leave for bring-

ing up Calves dead to London as formerly, as relates to the Selling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another; be read a Second Time, this Afternoon.

Weights and Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Measures. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining and establishing uniform and certain Standards of Weights and Measures throughout the Kingdom of Great; and for the

afiizing and adjusting of Weights and Measures agreeable to the said Standards.

Be allured, I have not a more sincere Concern, or a more earnest Desire, than to secure to My faithful People, both now. and hereafter, the Religious and Civil Blessings of our invaluable Constitution.

The Order made this Day, for resuming, at Two of Ashford the Clock this Afternoon, the adjourned Consideration and Sheldon of the Report, which was made from the Committee, lncoure-to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ajliford and,

in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby, was recommitted, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made, by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ifie of Man. Refolded, That this House will, this Afternoon, re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for carrying into Execution a Contraft, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the FirR, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Exchequer the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain 1 s' Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was committed, be received this Afternoon.

Agents for Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Prize Money, the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof; was committed; be received this Afternoon.

Ways and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Means. whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received this Afterrioon.

Militia Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Pay and whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Mo-Cloathing. nCy granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying

the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thoulimd Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was committed, be received this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock, this Afternoon.

Post

Answer to TV ftR. Speaker reported, that both Houses attended

Address. XVX Majesty this Day, with their Address; to

which His Majesty was plealed to give this most gracious Answer.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Your affectionate Congratulations upon My Recovery, and the Sense which you express of your Happiness under My Government, give me the greatest Satisfaction.

The House was moved. That the First of the Refo- Wap and lutions, which, upon the 4th Day of this Instant April, Means, were reported from the Committee of the whole Housef, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and which was then agreed to by the House might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That in case the Monies, for which

" Certificates have been or shall be granted, in pursuance of a Resolution of this House of the 14th

" Day of March last, by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, or his Paymaster or Cashier, to the " vernor and Company of the Bank of England, for and " in respect of Navy,.Victualling, and Transport Bills,

" made out on or before the 30th Day of 1764,

and for and in respect of such Fraftional Parts of the " said Bills, as remained above the intire Sums of

" One or more Hundred Pounds, together with the

" Sums paid and payable at the Bank of England, with " the Certificates for such Fraftional Paits, and for " such of the said Bills, as, together with the interest " computed thereupon, do not amount to One Hundred Pounds, shall not, on the Fifth Day of this Instant " April, make up the full Sum of 1,500,000l. the Monies " which shall be so wanting to complete the said Sum " of 1,500,000l. be raised by Contributions, to be re-w ceived at the Bank of England, in intire Sums of

" One or more Hundred Pounds, to be paid to the

" Cashier or Caftiiers of the said Governor and Company, on or before the 18th Day of this Instant " and that the Contributors be intitled, for the Monies " so by them rel'peftively advanced, to such Annuities,

" Benefits, and Advantages, as are mentioned in the " laid Resolution, to be allowed to the Proprietors of " Certificates, granted in Exchange for such Navy,

" Victualling, and Transport Bills, as shall have been " delivered on or before the respective Days therein * limited."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 14th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a,nd were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision, in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolution last read.

The Order made this Day, for receiv’ng the Report Djteo> from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

C.

5 Geo. III.

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, this Afternoon, being read;

Mr. Paterson accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies which have been, or shall be, paid, at the Bank of England, in pursuance of the llesolutions of this House of the 14th Day of March lad, and the 4th Day of this Instant April, be applied towards discharging Bills, payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Tranl'ports, which were made out on or before the 30th Day of June 1764.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 14th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Duties on Mr. Touchet presented to the House, according to Or-SUk °&cl der,a Bid for laying several additional Duties upon the Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia The Order made this Day, for receiving, this After-

Pay and noon, the Report from the Committee of the whole Cloathing. House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted

in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was re-committed, being read;

Mr. Paterson reported from the said Committee, the Amendmentswhich the Committee had madetothe Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. x#

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Aeents for Tire Order made this Day, for receiving, this After-Pnze Money, noon, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof; was committed; being read.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, Voi. 30.

375

with an Amendment to one^of them, agreed to by the -House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Prefcot presented to the House, according to Duties on Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Kaw5ilk,«c» Raw Silk imported; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland-, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mawbey presented to the House, according to Regulating Order, a Bill to restrain the ill Practice of Brokers: And Brokers, the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order made this Day, for receiving this After- Supply Bill; noon the Report from the Committee of the whole gjj£et*uer House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was committed, being read;

Mr. Paterson reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook, in the Estate. County of Chester, Part of the Estate of Henry Vernon,

Esquire, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, ia Trustees, to be loid, for railing Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, previously to the said Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Ward, Sir Char let MordaUnt, Mr. Paterson, Mr.

Whitworth, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lowndes,

Sir George Yonge, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dyson, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Web Lord Orwell, Mr.

Foley, Mr. IVitbraham Rootle, Sir Edward Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Coutts, Sir Armine , Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Edmonflone, Colonel Barre, Mr. Scott, Mr. De Grey,

Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grosve-nor. Lord Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Byde, Sir Turner,

Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Touchet,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. , Mr. Fitz-

maurice, Mr. plumptre; and all the Members who 1'erve for the Counties of Chester, Stafford, Worcester, Salop, and Lancaster, and for the Principality of Wales: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Holling. for veiling several Freehold and Copyhold Ertates, in the worth’s several Counties of Efj'ex, Suffolk, Bucks, and , Estate.

and in the City of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to diltharge the several Legacies, or Portions, bequeathed by the Will of William worth, Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes thereip mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Mr.

Ward, Srr George Yonge, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Six

2 50 Aprilis.

/2$o-^-z6° Aprilis. A. 1765,

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr* Shiffner, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Grey, Mr. Byde, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Fannereau, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Baker, Mr. Sandy i,

Mr. Webb, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Knight, Mr. De Grey, Lord Verney, Mr. Price Campbell, Mr. Upton, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Sc6tt, Mr. Cufi, Lord Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Dowdesiveil, Lord Midleton, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Wsdderburn, Lord George Saekville. Mr.

Mr. Edmonstone, Sir John Mr. Burrell, Mr. IVII -braham Bootle, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Way, Mr. Martin, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Pennant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bucks, and Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in live Speaker’s Chamber.

Itport, and The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve Import, of itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Half "°° an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, upon the Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Manufactures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the said Kingdom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain; being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Call of the House.

Ltave of Absence.

Account j Militia.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight; It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put* That no Member of this House do absent himself from the Service of the House, without Leave of the House j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TelW for thrYn* *Mr* Peter Burrell>

I el.ers for the- i eas, Mf:

, r.1 xt (Mr. Thomas Pitt,

Tellers for the Noes,»Mr w

Webb.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

]l24.

1.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of all Monies which have been brought into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by virtue of an Act passed in the id Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that part of Gr eat Britain called England-, whereby it is enacted, That tire Receiver General of each County shall pay into the Exchequer the Amount of the several Sums directed to be paid by the said Act, in lieu of each private Militia Man, which shall not have been raised by the said County.

Me of Man. Ordered, That the Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, upon the Bill for carrying into Execution a Contract, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of ' the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copy of a Con-tc trad, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the " 12th of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under " certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned,’* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Duke and Duchels of Athol, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, dated February 27th 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Abstract of the Clear Revenue of the Isle of Man for Ten Years, from the Year 1754, to the Year 1763, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself intothclaid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in- Buchers, tituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Queen Aintituled, An Act for explaining, and making more effectual, that Part of an Act, passed in the Filth Year of her present Majesty’s Reign, concerning the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield; and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly; as relates to the Selling of Sheep and Grass Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another, be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Aprilis \

Anno 50 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Aufterfield High and Low Commons of in the Mclosure.

County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Auflerfield, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Saviledo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Howard repotted from the Committee, to whom F.lford the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about Four Acres of Land; and that the whole of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed, contains 1,506 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments'were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

1

5 Geo. IIL 26° dpri38

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Trevelyan’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for making the Portions provided by the Marriage Set-ettement. t[ement QfSir George T Baronet, and Dame Julia his Wife, for their Younger Children, vetted Interests, so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Lifetime of their Father; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hcivett, Sir William Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Thomond, Mr.

Mr. Glover, Sir Francis Mr. Mr.

uoall, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mr.

Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Mr. Ward, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lane, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Torke, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Hanbury, Mr.

Coventry, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Howard, Mr. Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shiffner-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Dorset, Wilts, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

JLr/congh's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E:taie. for making a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of and late the

Estate of Edward Ayscough Esquire, deceased, which, upon his Death, belonged to his Four Daughters and Coheirs* and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several Uses limited, of their several undivided Shares thereof, respectively; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Edmonstone, Lord Thomond, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Chetwynd, -Sir William Meredith, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gafwall, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. , Mr. Glover, Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Burrard, Mr. . Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bulland all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Not-

tingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Taunton The Earl of Thomond reported from the Committee, /Road*. to whom the Bill for explaining and amending, and like-

wife for enlarging, the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, palfed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads, leading from the Town of Taunton, in the county of ,

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Billi with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bourne An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving certain

Drainage. Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven,

and Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and improving certain Low . Vol jo.

Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between and

Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

Then the Blank left itt the Bill, fof the Title thereof.

Was filled up, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlbw Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Tefm and Powers of Ratcliff an Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty, for Highway opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in Road*. the County of Middlesex, and other Roads, in the said Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 27th Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned;

and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProElor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Manifield from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called _ *° Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County Road.8* of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanjley, in the County of Derby; and from Woolley Moor, to the Turnpike

Road, at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby; was

read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 1. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to "provided," ini. 11.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing add widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, iii the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanjley, in the County of Derby; and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Conolly, Mr. Vernon, and General Vernon’* Howard, be added to the Committee, to whom the in- Estate. grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Skipbrooke, in the County of Chester, Part of the Estate of Henry Vernon, Esquire, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discha'rge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon, and affecting the fame, previous

to the said Settlement; and for other purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Mr. Shiffner reported from the Committee, to whom Wale’tf the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hat. naturalizing Louifia Rudolphina Wale and Gregory Wale, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in-at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiffner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

5 E An

Shepton

Mallet

Roads.

Hertford

Church.

Crofsford

Bridge,

Road.

Walkden

lndafure.

Overy

Inclosure.

Hough tort on the Hill lodofare.

Leave of Absence.

African

Company*

3#3 '16* Aprilis. " A. 17^5.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and , in

the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Croft Bottom; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Croft Bottom.

Ordered, That Sir Charlet Kemyt Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Calvert reported from the Committee, to

'whom the Bill for repairing the Church of the United Parishes of All Sainttand Saint John, in the Town of Hertford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-tmto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the "Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; -and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments;, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mr.

Techell:

Mr. "Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BiE, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an AOs. made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge -to Manchester; and for amending the Road from Cro Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Race, in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of -defier, without any Amendment: Andalfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Sill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Walk den Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Mols Ground, called within tine

Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords 'have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands in Burton , in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Aufrere have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon.extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to veil as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the Boitifti Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all -the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Torts, Set-2>

tlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to African His Majesty, that He will be gracioullypfeased to give Settlement* Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of such Memorials, Petitions, or other Papers, as have been presented to or laid before His Majesty in Council, or the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, by Mr.

George Glat, relative to the Discovery of a "Harbour lyjon the Coast of Africa, together with Copies of die several Representations made to His Majesty upon the said Memorials, by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, and the Orders of His Majesty in Council upon such Representations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are oFifis Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being in Formed, that Mr. JParfons, from Accourt; the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Sugar. ’ he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Bounty on the Exportation of British Refined Sugars, for the last Twenty . - ,

Years; distinguishingeach Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Dudes on Raw Silk imported; and -for granting other Duties in Raw silk. Lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exporta- Action of Raw or Thrown Silk to; and for pro-

hibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ttiefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for laying several additional Duties upon the Duties on Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the bought Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day. for the House to weight* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining and establishing uniform and Manures, certain Standards of Weights and Measures throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the alfizing and adjusting of Weights and Measures agreeable to the said Standards; be now read.

And the said Order being Tend accordingly;

The Houserefalved it self into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kyiiafton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they d gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Arts relating to Highways.

High Price of Cora.

Personi ordered to attend.

tile of Man.

t

Lea itrff Absence.

Army; Mutiny and Peie/tion*

Land Tax Com mif-

5 Geo. III.

2S0 Apr

3*3

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Kynafon accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clei'k’s Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue and amend an Act, made in the 30th Yeax of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public High way sand Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was committed.

Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in.at the Clerk’s Table: Where the (Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall he Gjfficient For the Use of the Members of tins House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *0 consider of 'the present high Price of Com.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do attend the said Committee, upon Monday next, at Twelve-of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomasdo attend the said

Committee, at the same Tirrte.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from (the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for carrying into Execution a Contra ft, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchels of Athol, the Proprietors of the Me of Man, and their Trustees, for the PuTchafe of the said Istand and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him t'o report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered she Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questron severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bn ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Fkrbert Lloyd have leave to go to the Bath, for -the Recovery of his Health.

The Order of the ‘Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, puffed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

E nr firing ’Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better yment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole. House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to put Vo i. 30.

in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as , Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time, within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of die Land Tax; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Stafford, to insert " Samuel Hill’'

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Wor-aofer, to mfert " the Reverend Sir Rickard Wmt* *tefley Bart."

Pr. 3*. V 15. To leave out " fames? and insert " Alexander" instead thereof.

In the List of Commissioners for the Shire of Cro« marty, to insert

Pr. 32.1.34. To leave out " Lieutenant," and inferfr Captain" instead thereof.

1, 38. After " being," to insert " also the " Baillies for the Time being, of the respective Boroughs of the several " Baronies f St Etfler, Aird, Farroll, and New HalL"

Pr. 3S. La 4. To leave out, " Verdict or."

And file said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Seffioaof Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not -sated , or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time, within which Suiteand Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order,:reCoked itself into Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter Dime* on so much-of an Act, made in dae Ninth Year of -the Reign of Queen Atme, as relates to the Charges for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between ad

the British Dominions in America, and within the said Dominions; and for ameodir^ explaining, extending, and enforcing feverad other Pqoyifioos in the said Act. and other Acts relating to the Revenue of the general Letter Office, or Pod Office, and -Office couun&rfytahtiR the Penny Poll Office.

Mr. Speaker left the Ohair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported feom the CcurohteQ, That theg had gone through the BUI, and made -fe«jerftl Amendments thereunto; whijehthey hadditefted.bimto repeat, when the House will please to receive the Jam*.

Ordered, That the Report h*ftefA^pd Morning next.

The

Ways and Means.

Supply.

J.eave of Absence.

Lord

Bellew's

Estates.

Malton

to

Pickering

Road.

Westbrook’s

Estate.

a6° — -290 Aprilis. ' A. 1765.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Fdrnham have Leave to go Info the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuntZi 29° die Aprilis;

Anno 50 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1765.

Prayers. ‘ '

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Baron of in

the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power, to raise certain Sums, therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of younger Children, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Nugent, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Beji, Mr. Cafwall, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.. Howard, Mr. Corne-wall. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grey, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Crefwell, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Glover, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Drake, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Luther-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Chester; and for the Principality of And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cholmleyrepotted from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gale, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table 1 'Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Repre-fentativeor Represen tatives; of Edmund Neeler deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late William West-brook Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Bucks,'Kent, and Storey, and in the City of London; and for vetting the same in Trustees, to be sold and Conveyed to such Personsas may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the Purchasers of any-Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, was committed; That the Com-nsftttte had- examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and

found the same to-be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-fastion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ShutfonJ and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Incioiu*©. Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swacliffe, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass f And that the Title Le, An Act for dividing and inclosing; the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying Within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swacliffe, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take Into Consideration, the Emload Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Inolofure. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester.

And the said Amendment was rea^, and is as follow -eth; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 33. Leave out from " uqinclosed," to " and" in Pr. 19. I. 15.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to- by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowdeswell'do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Methuen reported from the Committee, to whom Warwick the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the to Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to> the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest werer upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Church of the Hertford United Parishes of All Saints and Saint John, in the Church. Town of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Church of the United Parishes of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

’’ An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certainr Tickh’U Commons, called The High and Loav Commons, in the Indoiure. Parish of Tickhill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

An

Rlford

Inclosure.

Woollen Cloth Manufacture.

Ditto*

290 jip

385

5 Geo. III.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing Persons, thinking themselves aggrieved by the Act, to appeal to the Quarter Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called The High and Low Commo, in t he Parish of Tick-hilly in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of the several Laws now in Force, as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length for the several Woollen Cloths made within the West Hiding of the County of York, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the said West Riding, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made. That the said Report be now read;

A Petit ion of the Clothiers of the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, by the said Bill, the Standard Breadth of Woollen Broad Cloth, in the said West Riding, is to be abolished, and the Clothiers to have Leave to make Cloth of what Length and Breadth they chuse; and that the Petitioners have found, by long Experience, that the Standard now existing has been of great Utility to this Manufactory, and are convinced, that every Clothier can, with great Facility, conform to the present Standard, or any other Breadth this House may think proper; and therefore praying for the Continuance of the established Standard, as beneficial to the Kingdom in general, and this County in particular; and as the Matter Clothiers in the West Riding of the County of Yorkconfift of not lei's than Twc Thousand; and the Petitioners apprehend, that there is not sufficient Time to collect the Opinion of so large a Body; therefore praying, that the Law now in Force may continue till another Session, to give the Petitioners Time to consult the Persons concerned , and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, that the public Market for the Sale of all Broad Woollen Cloth, manufactured in the West Riding of the County of York, has Vol. 30

always been held within the Town of Leeds; and that the said Broad Woollen Cloths, when fully manufactured, are chiefly sent Abroad to Foreign Markets, to the great Advantage of the Kingdom in general; and that, from the Infancy of this Manufacture to the present Time, there always has been a Standard for the Width of those Broad Cloths; and alleging, that it appears, from the Accounts of the Treasurers of the said Riding, that double the Number of Broad Cloths are now manufactured in the said Riding, than were in 1725; and that most of the Cloths now made are made many Yards longer than heretofore; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the abolishing the present Standard in the Width of Cloths, or even the towering thereof, will be highly injurious to the Merchants and Manufacturers, and ruinous to the Credit of the said Manufacture; and that the continuing the present Standard in Width, and obliging the Clothier to keep up the fame, is the most probable Method' for preventing the undue stretching and {training of Cloth; and therefore hoping, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and pass no Law for the lowering of the Standard in Width of Broad Cloth, but will make all due Regulation for securing to this Kingdom so valuable a Branch of Trade.

Then several Members, returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, Accounts of their Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made, by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Millmen to recover their Debts before One Justice of the Peace.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of veiling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Carlisle’* in the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, Estate,‘ and Durham, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his laid Will mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeflTengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from Account; the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Militia, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies, which have been brought into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

5 F To

Accounts;

Allom.

Devizes

Writ.

Discovery of the Longitude.

290 Aprilis.

A. 1765.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of all Monies which have been brought into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by virtue . of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called Englandwhereby it is enacted, That the Receiver General of each County shall pay into the Exchequer, the Amount of the several Sums directed to be paid by the said Act, in Lieu of each private Militia Man which shall not have been raised by the said County.

The Monies which have been brought into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Forty-leven Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence.

E.

Exchequer, the 29th Day ol April, 1765.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. ‘Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Allom imported into England, from Christmas 1749 to 1764; dif-

tinguishing each Year, and from what Places imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Allom exported from England, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and to what Places exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the Room of William Willy, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and rendering more effectual Two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An A«5l for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ai.ne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual Two Acts, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen A)ine, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Lon-10

gitude at S*a; and the other in the 26th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late M.'iefty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act

Ordered, 1'hat Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money Supply Bi’l; by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Exchequer Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the . Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Six y-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterfion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to oblige Agents for Prize Money Agents for to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Prize Money. Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to oblige Agents lor Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was read inf0ivent a Second Time. Debtors.

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Fanfittart, Sir George Savile, Mr. M.iwhey, Mr.

Jlow, Sir Armine Wo dehouse, Mr BurMr. General Howard, Mr Fitzherbert, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir William Beauchamp Prollor, Mr. Fuzakerley, Mr. De Grey,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Lord

Frederick Campbell, Mr. Town!head, Mr. Dyson, Sir

John

5 Geo. III. Jprilis. 387

John ‘Turner, Mr. Hollywood, Mr. Luttrell, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edmund Ijkam, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Legh, Sir John Mr. , Mr.

Nugent, Sir (Valter BiaMr. Byde, Mr. Jenings, J/Ortl Downs, Mr. Knight, Mr. Paterson. Lord "worth, Mr Harvey, Mr. Lord Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Pennant, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Price, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Burt; and all the Gentlemen of the long Kobe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon , at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come are to have Voices.

Regulating A Bill to retrain the ill Practice of Brokers, was read Brokcis. a Second Tjmc>

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Maw-bey, Mr. Cooke, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Harbord, Mr.

Gascoyne, Sir Edmund Ilham, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

(lone. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir (Villiam Baker, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Onjlozv, Lord inbrook, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Luttrell, Lord Downs, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Mr. Price, Mr. Eames, Sir Alexander Grant, M r. Hezvstt, Mr. Coventry, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Legh, Lord (Varkworth, Mr. Martin, Mr. Dyfou, Sir Lynch Salisbury Cotton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Yorke, Air. ham Bootle, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Darner, Mr. (Vilbraham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Air. Fannereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Ridley and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and for the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Essex, and Surrey, and a!J the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Air. Touchet presented to the House, according to Or-

Stockings. ^er, a Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and th Dominions:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a l'econd time.

American

Trade. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of H is Majesty’s American Dominions; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Rew»nucsof Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Customs, tec the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Whately, and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Shrewfbarytd The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

BRoaje<mh for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much ,by Muck-

ley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and for amending several other Roads, near or adjoining thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

York Road. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimfion Smithy, to Kexby; and from

Grimflon Smithy aforesaid, to a certain Gate at the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York; withouc any Amendment: And also,

Vo t, 30.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newcastle-for repairing and widening the Road, from unjLer'j ync

der-Lyne, to Hajfop, and from Middle Hills to the Mac- °* ‘ tlesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road, at Cobridge, to Burfem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike at Shilton, in the County of Stafford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stockpon, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, id &cc-Road-the County of Chester, to Saxons-Lane-End, in the County of Lancaster -, and from the Cross in Ashton-under-Line, in the said County of Lancaster, to Doflors Lane Head, in the County of York-, and also the Road branching out of the first ‘mentioned Road, in the Township of Bred-bury, to Mottram, in the said County of without

any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chatteris for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to (Vifbech Saint Peter’s, and from KoaJ. thence to TidGate, in the Isle of Ely; and from aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Hoad between (Vifbech and March; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bawtry for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, &c. Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the Roads; County of Lincoln-, and from North (Villingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe, and Langton; and from West Raisin to PUford Bridge, and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge, to Bishop Norton Common, and from the Hamlet at Morton to Epworth; and from Haxey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Barton Wafer repairing and widening the Road from Barton Water- terfideHouse, side House, to Rifeham Hedge Corner; and several other ^c‘Ro;it*-Roads, in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ramsgate to enlarge certain Powers granted by An Act, passed in Hart>our* the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate -, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act TetforJ for iucioling and dividing the Open Common Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Failures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wilford for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Mea- Inclosure. dows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Wilford, in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hartlhorn for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Inco*ttre-Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grimflon for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, indofure. and all the Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in Grim-fton, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Symondburn for dividing and inclosing Two Moors, or Commons, indofure. within the Barony and Manor of Warke, and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wolfinghwn for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Commons, indofure.

in

2 9° Apr His.

A. 1765.

CockeringtOQ

inclufure.

Kcclby

luclosure.

Bank of England.

Ways and Mtans,

Ditto.

in the Parish of IVoIfingham, in the County Palatine of Ordered\ That the Account of the Produce of the In- w*ys and

Durham, without any Amendment: And also, land Duties upon Coffee, for the last Ten Years* distin- cans*

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act guishing so much thereof as hath arisen upon Coffee for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Ara- imported from the British Plantations in America, and blc Fields, in the Parishes of North Cockerington and from other Places, in each Year; be referred to the said South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln, without Committee.

any Amendment: And also, Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Cof-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fee, for which the Duties of Excise have been paid, in for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common that Part of Great Britain called England, from Fields and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Keelby summer 1753 to Midsummer 1764; distinguishing each and Stallingbrongh, in the County of Lincoln, without Year, and the Amount of the Duties; be referred to

any Amendment: And also, the said Committee.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Coffor vesting certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rec- fee, imported into Scotland, from 1753 to

tory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Places of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank from whence imported; and the Amount of the Duties of England, and for making a Recompence to the Rec- thereon; be referred to the said Committee, for of the said Parish. and his Successors, in Lieu there- Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Cof-

of; and for obviating certain Doubts in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Benedihl Paid Wagner, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Bounties and Drawbacks payable upon the Exportation of Sugar from this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Drawbacks and Bounties payable upon the Exportation of Goods from this Kingdom, to the llland of Faro.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Allowances now made, in respect of stale or rotten Soap, and Cuttings of Soap, refreshed, or made new.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting, for a limited time, a Liberty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe, situate to the Southward of Cape might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duty imposed by the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do cpnfider of the permitting Rice to be conveyed from North Carolina, to any other Part of America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of proper Methods for encouraging the Importation of Deals, Planks, Boards, and Timber, into this Kingdom, from North

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Inland Duties payable upon Coffee, imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Methods appointed by Law, for ascertaining the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Linen Cloth, and Diaper of Russia, as are not rated in any Act of Parliament or Books of Rates.

fee, exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; and the Amount of the Duties re-paid on Exportation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Coffee, imported into England, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported; and the Amount of the Duties thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Coffee, exported from England, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; and the Amount of the Duties re-paid on Exportation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounty paid upon British Refined Sugar exported, for Four Years, ending at Christmas last; distingui filing each Year; be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Sugar, imported from the British Plantations in America, for Four Years, ending at Christma 1764; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of British Raw or Muscovado Sugar, exported from England, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Sugar imported from the Brit ft} Plantations in America, for Four Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of British Raw or Muscovado Sugar, exported, for Four Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounty paid upon British Refined Sugar, exported, for Four Years, ending at Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Bounty on the Exportation of British Refined Sugars, for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several; Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterjon also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House*

Clandestine

Marriages.

Makers in

Chancery’s

Salaries.

High Price of Corn.

5 Geo. III. 290 — 300

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licences; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preterv-ing the Evidence of Pedigrees; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Tithe, upon Thut/day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sutn of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Masters of the said Court, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon nesday Morning nekt.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the present High Price of Corn;

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Manufacturers, and Principal Inhabitants of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for the present, and for some Time past, there hath been lb little Demand for the Manufactures of that City* that great Numbers of Journeymen and Labourers employed therein are destitute of sufficient Employment, fot1 the Maintenance of themselves and Families, and many of them unable to obtain any Employment at all; and that the Distress of these labouring Poor is aggravated by the High Price of Wheat, which is already risen to Fifty-four Shillings per Quarter in the Market, and is likely to continue riling every Market-day; that the Petitioners are apprehensive that the present Scarcity is likewise increased by unlawful Combinations amongst the Growers, to starve the Markets, and deprive the Poor of that Supply which the Country really affords; and that the Petitioners have been credibly assured, that Wheat may be imported from Holland and elsewhere, and, notwithstanding the Expence of Importation, be still fold much cheaper in our Markets, than the present Price there, if the same might be imported free from Duties; and praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for permitting Wheat to be imported from Holland and elsewhere, free of any Duties on the Importation thereof, for the Supply of the Markets of this Kingdom; or that the Petitioners may have fuel) other Relief in the Premises, as the Nature of their Grievance shall require, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Corrtmittee, That

they had examined a Witncl's, and had come to a Rcfo-lution > which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 30.

Apr ills. 389

Mr. Pater/on, according to Order, reported from the Sapply Bill;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^*son alter so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Charges for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between London and the British Dominions in America, and within the said Dominions; a fid for amending, explaining, extending, and enforcing, several other Provisions in the said Act, and other Acts relating to the Revenue of the General Letter Office or Poll Office, and Office commonly called the Penny Poll Office, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be irtgrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supjfly. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °fC°rn' House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flouf, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

And then the House adjourned tillTo-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30° die;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Pr AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the le- Afford

verat Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Sheldon and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and Inc 0 ure' Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakezvell, and County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields and Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of A/ifordand Sheldon, in the Parish of Bakezvell, and County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending, and Tauntort likewise for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by *oad'’ a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of ’Taunton, in the County of Somer/ets was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titl6 be, An Act for explaining and amending, and likewise 5 G for

50° Aprilis.

A\ 17^5*

for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerfel.

Ordered, That the Earl of do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tay Bndge. An ingrolTed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of in the County of

Perth, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for preventing the using of any Ferry within a certain Distance of the Bridge, and for making Compenl'ation to the Owners of Ferries.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, against making any Recompence for Damages at Perth Ferry,

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing in what manner Actions shall be prosecuted.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Southwark to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads°r<1 *° :imenc^ several Acts, palfed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King the Second, for re-

pairing several Roads from the Stones End, in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to and to

the Extent of the Parish o next Bromley and

Beckenham, in the County of and for extending

the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike, to the West End of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough (Veil, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee', and from the West End of Greenwich Park Wall, to Woolwich War. ten; and for making an Allowance, out of the Tolls ' arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the Esft End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; without any Amendment: And also,

Loesand The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WilfordPoor. for t|ie better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also,

L^'nnR^ d° Die k°rete have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ynu oa . ^or rCpajring and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain, next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields, and the Bell Inn in beac/i, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear, in Wal-Juken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Walfoken

Bridge, lying over the said Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear; and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and Germans Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and froni the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk-, and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County; without any Amendment t And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carlton upod for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Com- Trent mon Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds* IncLfure. in the Manor and Lordship of Car/ion in the County of Nottingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aflackby for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Fen, in the antl I>owfl>y Parishes of Aflackby and Dovajby, in the County of Inc^ofure;

coin; and for draining and improving the said Fen; and also certain inclosed Low Grounds adjoining to the said Fen; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Branftcm for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Moors, Inclosure. Sheepwalks, Wood Ings, Sike Closes, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Branflon, in the County of the City of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Winn’s Nat. for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary' Occasions. Absence.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom Howard the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to 0*nd others) confirm and establish Exchanges of Land, at Dorking, in txcharige-Surrey, between Charles Howard Esquire, and Edward Walter Esquire, and between the said Charles Howard and Jonathan Tyres Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House, hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Syrefham whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, or Manors, and Parish of Syre/ham, otherwise Sifeham, in the County of Northampton, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except -

wards, who is either abroad or dead, and whose Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed is of the annual Value of £.1 15 j. and also except Two other Persons, whole Property therein is of the annual Value of £.$ 1; and that the whole of the Lands to be inclosed, amounts to £.406 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wit lithe Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read

5 Geo. 111. j$o&

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; "were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allowing Persons thinking themselves aggrieved by the Act, to appeal to the Quarter Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being tilled up, the said Claute was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

kilton to Mr. Cholmleyreported from the Committee, to whom Paring the Bill for amending and widening the lload from the

Road. North End of Old Mallon Gate, in the Town and Borough of Nc-zvMaltcn, to the Town in the County of York, was re-committed; That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he r6ad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally piit thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

L lof Ordered, That Mr. Jeffryes have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country', for the Recovery of his Health.

Warwick to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Northampton the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was Road. made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warzo through Soulham and Da-vent ry, to the Town of Northampton, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Rest due of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against erecting any Turnpike at

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Broxolme’s Sir William Codringtcn reported from the Committee, t&axcs. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate late of

BroxolmeWidow, deceased, in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lfeu thereof, was _ committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William.Codrington do carry the Bill Vot. 30.

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Iroportatioa London, in behalf of themselves and divers others con- of Wool, cerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in and about the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in, for restraining the Importation of Wool and Yarns, from Ireland, to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for repealing the Act for opening the Port of London for that Purpose; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same would be detrimental to the Merchants and Manufacturers of London, concerned in the Importation of Yarns, and Exportation of Woollen Goods; And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that, by Accounts re- DeviiesWrit: ceived since the Order made Yesterday, for Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, iff the County of Wilts, in the Room of William Willy,

Esquire, it was uncertain whether the said Mr. was dead at the Time of making the said Order;

And Mr. Speaker having acquainted the House, that he had, in pursuance of the said Order, issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown; and that the said Writ had been made out accordingly; and was now in the Hands of the Messenger of the Great Seal;

Ar»J a Motion being made, That the Clerk of the Crown do make out a Supersedeas of the said Writ;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 19 th Day of December 1702, relating to the Proceeding of the House upon the issuing of a new Writ for the City of Gloucester, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Messenger of the Great Seal do forbear the Delivery of the said Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, until the further Order of this House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Anrwer to House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Ma- ^ddress for jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that aPers-the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Army; to rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Mutiny and upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in Desertion. this present- Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5 The House resolved itl'elt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.-

392 30° dprilis.^.1765*

Supply Bill; Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to

Lottery, See. Order, a Bill for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, towards satisfying and discharging certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, and Tor charging 1 the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund:

And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mleof Man. An ingrossed Bill for carrying into Execution a Contract, made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the 12th of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of the Hie of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for subjecting the Purchase Money to all Claims upon the said Island.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39.1. 13. To leave out " Three or more," and insert " Four" instead thereof.

Pr. 42.1. 32. To leave out " always," and insert " alio" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House} and the Billjyas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the 12th of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchess of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Carteret IVebb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wt?ra-‘nfter The Order of the Day being read, for the House to *vl«g. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more cffeCiual, the several Acts, passed in the 2d, 3d, and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and other Parts in

the said Acts mentioned} and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, with respect to Squares;

R.efolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, refovc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Export, and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 00 ‘ the Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Manufactures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the said Kingdom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duties on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Raw Silk, See. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported} 4

and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland-, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prefect took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prefcot reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying several additional Duties upon the ’ Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounties and Drawbacks, now paid upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Refined Sugars and Ground Sugar, be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Refined Sugar, in the Loaf, compleat and whole, being Net, that is to lay, of one uniform Whiteness throughout, and which has gone through the Operation of Three Clays at the least, and been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, according to the prefertt Practice of Refining, a Bounty be allowed after the Rate of Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, for every Hundred Weight thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Refined Sugar called Bastard, and of Ground and Powdered Refined Sugar, and of Refined Loaf Sugar broke in Pieces (the said Sugar having been Twice Clayed, and properly dried in the Stove) a Bounty or Drawback be allowed, after the Rate of Six Shillings and Four Pence, for every Hundred Weight thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Liberty be granted, for a limited Time, to carry Rice from the Province of North Carolina, di redly to any other Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia, subject to such Duty as is now payable upon Rice, carried from South Carolina and Georgia, to any Part of America, to the Southward thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties which shall avise in respect of Rice, so carried from North Carolina, and the Duties which shall arise in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice, from His Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and there reserved, to be, from Time to Time, disposed of by Parliament,

5 Geo. III. ^o°Jprilis — i 393

liament, towards further defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and Securing the Dominions in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bounties be granted upon the Importation of Deals, Planks, Boards, and Timber, into tins Kingdom, from the British Dominions in North America, for the Term of Nine Years, in Manner following; that is to say, during the First Three Years, for ev, ery hundred, containing Six Score of found Merchantable Deals, Planks, and Boards, not less than Ten Fqet Jong, Ten laches broad, and One Inch and Ope Quarter of an Inch thick, Twenty Shillings, and so in ‘Proportion for any greater Length, and for any greater Thickness, not exceeding Four Inches; and for every Load TOp-taining Forty Cubic Feet, of found Merchantable Squared Timber of all Kinds (the Timber not to be less than Ten Inches Square) Twelve Shillings; and during the next Three Years, for every Hundred of suchJDfeals, Planks, and Boards, Fifteen Shillings; and for every Load of such Timber, Eight Shillings; and during the last Three Years, for every Hundred of such Deals, Planks, and Boards, Ten Shillings, and for every Load of such Timber, Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Inland Duty of One Shilling, granted by an Act, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, upon every Pound

Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, fold in do ceale.and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That there be granted to His Majesty, an additional Inland Duty of Six Pence, upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, not being of the Growth and Product of the British Plantations in America, which shall be fold in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'That the said additional Inland Duty be appropriated to the Uses, to which the said Dufy of One Shilling per Pound Weight was made applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances directed by Law to be made in respect of Hard Soap, which shall be xefre(hed <?r made new,.be discontinued.

Resolved, That it is, the Qpinion of this Comrpittee, That in Liqu thereof, the Duties upon One Pound, in every Ten Pounds of such Soap, be allowed to the Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -That all. Linen Cloth and Diaper of \yhiqh are

not at present particularly rated in any Act of Parliament, or Book of Rates, be, upon the Importation thereof into this-Jyingdom, rated in Manner following; that is. to say, all such CJoth and Diaper, being',in Breadth more than Twenty-tno Inches.and Ope fJalf of an Inch, and not exceeding'Thirty-one Inches and One Half of.an Inch, at Four Pounds; ,apd being in Breadth more than Thirty-one Inches and Onq Half of an Inch, and not exceeding Forty-five Inches* at Six Pounds; and exceeding'Forty-five Inches ill Breadth, at Ten Pounds, for every One hundred tyid Twenty lish Ells thereof respectively, and so in Proportion for -arty greatey or lesser C^anpty? and that the full Amount of the several Duties now required by Law to be, paid,' for every Twenty Shillings of ^he Value of the said Goods, be raised and collected according to the said respective Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Drawback or, Bounty be allpV<?d upon the "Exportation of any Goods from this Kingdom to any of the Islands of Faro.

The said Resolutions being severally read, a Second 'Time, were, upon the Question fevqrally put thereupon,

- agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an.Instruction.to. the Gentlemen,

Vol. 30.

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging the Tirade of

His Majesty’s American Dominions, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Nine First of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

Who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Four Jail of the said Resolutions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. tiarhord reported from the Committee of the High Price Whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the of Conu prefect high Price of Com, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wheat, and Wheaten Flour, be allowed to be imported. Duty free, in certain Cafes, and under certain Restrictions, for a Time to be limited.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was,

,upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. *'

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. ffarhord, Mr. paeon.

Sir John ‘furtfcr, and Sir Armine fVoJehouse, do prepare,

ind bring in, the Turtle.

And then the Hpufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i° /die Mail;

/Anno 5* Georgii III. U ;Regis, 17 6 $.

Prayers.

IR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, ph«lps*

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intji- EfUtes* tuled. An Act for yelling Part of the Real Ellate of Mary P/w’/pr Widow, deceased, given and devised.by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts,

Legacies, and Incumbrances, was committed; That the Committee had. examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Bmt&wefl whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- laclofwe. mon Fields, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Braith-nvell, in the County of York, was committed; That > the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Copfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Lands in the said, Parish, to, the Amount of £.115. i$s- pt*Annum, who had been applied to, but refused to sign. the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Houfi; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

5 H with

Tf»]

0

Scnlford

Inclosure.

Importation of Silk Stockings.

Leave of Abi'ence.

Supply Bill; Lottery, See.

Isle of Man.

:394

Maii.

A. 1765.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where ths Amendments were Once read throughout; and then . a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the . Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, q{ Seal-ford, in the County of Leicesterand all the Hands and Grounds within the same Fields, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Four Yard Lands and Seven Cottages and an Half, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consist of Fifty-five Yard Lands; and the Number of Cottages having Right of Common are Eighteen and an Half; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he jead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.Clerk’s.T ble: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a*Second Time, One by One; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were' agreed to by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the Dominions,

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

’: -Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House:

w ‘'Resolved,-That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rcfblve ifself into a Committee of the whole House, iupbri the said Bill. '

Ordered, That Sir George Atmitage have Leave to go into the Country', for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, towards satisfying and discharging certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities Qn the Sinking Fund, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to anid from the Isle of Man, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 19. To leave out " May," and insert " June," inllead thereof.

Pr. 3; 1. 7. To leave out " May," and insert " June". instead thereof.

' Pr. 5. 1. 5. To leave out " May," and insert "June" instead thereof.

I. 10. To leave out " nor," and insert <c or" instead thereof.

Pr. 7.1. 1. To leave out ,e May," and insert " June" instead thereof.

Pr. 9.1. 17. To leave out " May" and insert " June" instead thereof.

Pr. 12.I. 21. To leave out " May," and insert " June" instead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 21. To leave out " May," and insert " June" instead thereof.

J?r. 16. 1. 12. To leave out " May," and insert " June" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bej An Act for more effectually preventing the Mif-chiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bourn for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Drainage. Fen Lands, lying between' Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kef even and Holland, in the County of Lincoln; urithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pool,&c. for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from Road* between the Second and Third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole, and iVinborne Minfer, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Som without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Minehead, for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keep- &c' Roa<1-ing in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough -of Minehead, through Dunfler and -

fcombe to Hele Bridge, and through the Town of verton, and by the River and Brushford Green, to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and from thence to Batham Bridge in the Town of Bampton, in the County of Devon, and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Minehead through Carhampton and BV.brooke, to Hartrow Gate, in the Parish of gumber, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of Waichet, in the Parish of Saint Decumans, in the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of and

by Long ' CrofsBarn, to the End of the Bridgewater

Turnpike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowey, in the County of Somerset; and also from the said Town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the Village of Wiliton, in the said Parish of Saint Decumans, and from the said Town of Watchet, by way of Five Bells, to Fair and

from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendon Hill, to Ro-bery Lane, and to Bampton, in the said County of Devon; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Harbord presented to the House, according to Importation Order, a Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, of Com. the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ’

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session African of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort Company, of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of ' Merchants trading to Africa; and to veil as well -the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Cornpany xo of

Duties on Raw Silk, Sec.

Weight* and Measures.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Account of Allom.

Mailers in Chancery's Salaries.

5 Geo. III. i° — a° Mali. 395

of Merchants trading to Africa',in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in f I is Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to Africa; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Prefcot, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported; and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ir, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from was

committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thg Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Lord Cary fort presented to the House, according to Order a Bill for enforcing Uniformity of Weights and Measures to the Standards thereof by Law to be established: And the same was-received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confidet further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morq- ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the said Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House was moved. That an Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; ..

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j j

Tellers for the Noes,|^;g"‘^ . } 35-; -

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed,

Mr. l'homas Gore, according to Order, reported from Army; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in this present e lon‘ Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this. House will, Tomorrow Morning, ,ties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wrougt upon the Bill for laying several additional Duties upon Sllk* &c-the Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before ‘this House, an yovts, 2° die Mati J

Account, of the Quantity of British Allom exported, , ....

from Chr if mas 1749 to Chrfmas 1764; distinguishing Ahbo f Georgii III" Regis, 1765.

each Year, and' to what Places exported.

1 .*' Prayers.

.Mr- Kynafom, according to.prder, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the High Court of Chanqery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the inte-reflr arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the said . Court, was Committed ;-the Amendments which the Committee,' had made to the Bill; and which they had directed, him to report to’the House; and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Quee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One'by One; and, upon the Question'severally put thereupo^, were agreed to by the House.

- A Clause was 'offered to be added’to the Bill,'for regulating the Manrfer'of ifloing Warrants by Mailers in 'Chancery.

Vol. 30.

THE House proceeded to take into :Consideration jjulbeck the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill Inclosur* intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland.

And the said Amendment was read and; is as followeth; viz.

Pr.-32r.L38.' After paid" insert " promised."

The said Amendment beiDg read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Delaval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Mafcrough Lands and Grounds, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, Inclosure. and Wastes, in or near the Village or Hamlet of Maf-brough, in the Township of Kimberucorth, and in the

Parish

Karl of Carlisle’s Estates.

Mai ton to Pickering Road*

Holling-

worth’s

Estates.

Romsey to Swathling Road.

39 6 MaiiA. 1765.

Parish of Rot her ham, in the County of York, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, At) Act for dividing and inclo&ng several Lands and Grounds, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wades, in or near the Village or Hamlet of in the Townjhjp of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of

Ordered, That General How do carry the BUI to

tlje Lord?, *hd deft re their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord$, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, and Durham, late the Inflate of Henry Earl of Carlisle deceased. in Trusteps, to Jbe fold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of hi? Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his said Will mentioned, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Mahrn Gast, in the Town and Borough of New Mahon, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was propped to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. t. 1.31. After the Second " to insert

" William Turner, Charles Turner."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Howie: And the BUI was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and widening the Road fraln the North End of Old Mahon Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Mahon, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Alexander Gilmour reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold Estates, in the several Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Bucks, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several Legacies, or Portions, bequeathed by the Will of William Hollingworth, Esquire, deceased j and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed > That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee) and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through,

to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton; and for connecting the same with the Road leading from the City of Winchester, through Httrfley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hurjleyaforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at

Heath, in the said County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Paftpres, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Lordfiiip and Liberties of Granburrow, in the county of ,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that Part of the Hamlet of Murcot which lies in the said Parish, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Dorothy late Countess Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for in veiling Part of the Money arising by such Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt affecting the tame Premises, and the Residqe thereof in the Purchasi? of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now Hand limited, or so many of them as shall be then existing, was commited) That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of the several Laws now in Force, as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length for the several Woollen Cloths made within the West Riding of the County of York, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the said West Riding, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufefture at the Foreign Market, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ii» 1.16. To leave out " Inspection," and insert " Inspections" instead thereof.

J. 29. To leave Out " Inspector or."

Pr. 15. |. 20, To leave out " to."

Pr. 2i. 1.11. After " Cafe" to insert " such Occupiers, Agents, or Servants desire " the fame, and."

1. 13. To leave out " Five," and insert " Two," instead thereof L z6. To leave out " Satisfaction," and insert " Damages" instead thereof

1.39. After " after," to insert " the."

Pr. 26. I. 7. After Justices," to insert " or."

Pr. 27. 1. To leave out " a Dealer," and insert " Dealers" instead thereof.

1.35. To leave out " Occupier," and insert Occupiers" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments, wore, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the

Manu

Granburrow

Inclosure.

Long

Buckby

Inclosure.

Countess of Burlington’s Estates.

Woollen

Cloth

Manu&dttre*

Spalding High Bridge, Ac. -Road.

MroeHham

Ifldosure.

Importation oi Corn.'

Afrieafi

Sculemenu.

5 Geo. III. ' i*Matt.

Manufacturee of Wcollen Cloth, in the county of ; and also so much of several other Laws, as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the ClothTrade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Brownlozv Bertie reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill to continue the Term of, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High , through

Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Oulgang,

in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was re-committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of Bertie, Esquire,

Lord of the Manor of East and Wej Deeping, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of him (elf and several of the Commoners of Deeping Fen, to them referred; and that the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill t which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Refolded, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 173 Acres of Land, and the Proprietors of Six Cottages, who, being applied to, refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Lands intended to bcinclosed amounts to 2,016 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Number of Cottages to Thirty-three} and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,- One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to difebntinue, fof a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Bacon, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Petition of Mr. George Glas, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, rcla-

Vol. 30,

tive to the Discovery of a Port dated to have been hitherto unknown to all Europeans, himself excepted:

And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Proposals of Mr. George Glas, relative to an Harbour alledged to be discovered by him; and unknown to all other Europeans: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade arid Plantations, to His Majesty; upon Mr. Glas's Petition, dated May 15, 1764: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Memorial of Mr. Glas, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, inclosing a Scheme for opening a Trade between the Europeans and the Inhabitants of the Inland Parts of Africa: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to His Majesty, upon Mr. GJas's Memorial, dated June 26th 1764:

And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Instrument by which the Port of Regedla or Gueder, now Port H was ceded

by the Natives to Mr. Glas, in behalf of the Eng/ish Nation, together with a Tract of Land adjacent, and an exclusiveTrade: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Translation of the Instrument of Cession of the Port of Regeala or Gueder, now Port Hillsborough: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Plan of Port Hillsborough, til Barbary.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for laying certain Duties upon Gum Se- D q*s 0,1 nega, and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported u"* from Great Britain; and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa, to Great Britain only: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Earl Verney have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at Stafford the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Electioru-Burgesses and Electors of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, whose Narries are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the other Burgesses and Persons having a Right to vote id the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

The Order of the Day. being read, for the Third clandestine Reading of the ingrafted Bill to repeal an Act, passed in Marriages, the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the bet-

ter preventing of Clandestine Marriages, and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licenses; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arite, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act 5 and for the regulating llegifters j and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Importation refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Fo- toc nss'

51 feign

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

Duties on Wrought Silk, &c.

Clandestine

Marriages.

398

2° — 30 Mail.

A \ 1765.

reign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Dominions;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, towards satisfying and dil'charging certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jackson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying an additional Duty on Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cujl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cujl reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrafted Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licenses; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preferring the Evidence of Pedigrees;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into Westminster Hall, the Court of liequests, and Places adjacent; and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House,

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, } ‘1

Te.lers for, lleNoes>^of»^,) >6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 4. To leave out " do," and insert " may" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-_ Hath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and to encourage and facilitate Marriages to be solemnized in Churches or Public Chapels, under a Publication of Banns, or by Licenses; and to remove all Doubts which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized since the making the said Act; and for the regulating Registers; and for preserving the Evidence of Pedigrees.

Ordered, That Sir John Glynnedo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Importation House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of SUk House, upon the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of toc Foreign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Dominions;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk Works."

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fitzherbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V mens, 30 die Mail 5

Anno 5* Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1765.

Pr AYERS.

/~\Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cornwall the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the Room of James Fuller, Esquire, deceased. \

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road Warwick from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of to North-

through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of North- aJ?ptjft ampton, was read the Third Time. 0

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Methuen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom Bristow’a the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*. for Sale of the Estates comprized in the Marriage Settlement of John Bristow, Esquire, in the County of Norfolk, and for applying the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement, was

committed;

5 Geo. III. 3 0 Mali309

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Av(cough's Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate*. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Lincoln and York, late the Estate of Edward Ayscough, Esquire, deceased, which, upon his Death, belonged to his Four Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several Uses limited, of their several undivided Shares thereof respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wycb*s Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Peter Esquire, at

Goadby alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of Leicester, in Trull, to be conveyed to the Most Noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz

" Pr. 23. 1. 5. After " Wyche," insert " Ihe being under " an Inability of judging thereof."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Banbury, Jec. The Lord North reported from the Committee, to

Road. whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from ‘the Bridge at the Eall End of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and

tefbatch, to the South End of in the Parish

ot Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the , "VoL,. 30.

Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that no Order of the Trullees shall be revoked, but at an adjourned Meeting.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the lai^ Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte reported from the Committee, Trevelyan’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Marriage An Act for making the Portions provided by the Settk®«it. Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan, Baronet, and Dame Julia his Wife, for their Younger Children, veiled Interests,.so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Lifetime of their Father; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committed had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kemys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Spalding to whom the Bill to continue the Term of, and render High Bridge, more effectual, an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Out gang,

in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was again re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties now pay- Dutie* mt able upon Raw Silk imported; and for granting other R*w Silk, Duties in Lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the &c* Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland4, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported; and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland-, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Prefcot do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to alter so much of an Act, made in Sapply BIII> the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to Dane* on the Charges for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, 0 between London and the British Dominions in America,

and

Liws

relating to the Militia.

A as relating to Highways.

400 30 Mail. . 1765.

and within the said Dominions; and for amending, explaining, extending, and enforcing, several other Provisions in the said Act, and other Acts relating to the Revenue of the General Letter Office or Polt Office, and Office commonly called the Penny Poll Office; Was read the Third Tim%

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 28. To leave out " other.*’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge several Provisions in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts, relating to the Revenue of the Poll Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called; And

that Mr. Townshend, Sir George Savi/e, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration, the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Billlo continue.and amend an Act, made in the 30th Year of the Reigt) of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Road$.oi thivKingdom, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 5. 1. 21. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 5.1.21. being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j: } 48*

Tellers for the Noes, j }

So it was resolvedin the Affirmative.

Then the Resid ue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of thenr were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House. v,

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Trustees to defray the Expence of Prosecutions for committing Nuisances, out of the Tolls.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the BiH, declaring, that Two Trustees only shall be sufficient for the Purpose of adjourning, and that no Adjournment shall be for above a limited Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the BilL;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that no Turnpike shall be erected on any Road whereintoany other Turn'ike Road shall lead, i

And the said Clause- was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° i. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, referring to the Lords of the Committee of Council, a Representation from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon a Memorial presented to them by Mr. George Glas, Merchant, praying a Grant of an Ex-elusive Trade to a Harbour upon the Coast of Africa, for a Term of Thirty Years, dated 18th of 1764: And also,

N° 2. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for 'complying with the Memorialist’s Request, under the several Conditions and Restrictions proposed; provided the Memorialist dodifclofe to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations the actual Situation of the said Harbour, and that the same shall appear satisfactory to them, arid correspond with the Allegations set forth in the said Memorial, dated 23d of May 1764: And also, N° 3. Copjr of hfls Majesty’s Order in Council, referring to the Lords of the Committee of Council, a Report from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon a Second Memorial presented to them by Mr. Glas, relative to the said drfcoveied Harbour, dated the 22d*of June 1764: And also,

N° 4. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to cause the Request of Mr. George Glas to be offered to the Confederation-of Parliament, dated 11 July 1764. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of an Account of the Gross Sums paid out of the Treasury of the Island of Barbadoes, for assisting His Majesty’s Forces: And also.

Copy of an Account of Monies paid out of the Treasury of the Island of Barbadoes, for defraying the Charge of Ten Companies of Volunteers raised in the said Island, and employed upon an Expedition against tinico, under the Command of the honourable Major General Monckton: And also,

A Paper, intituled, "The Right honourable the Paymaster General and Secretary at War’s Report to the " Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, upon " Memorial of Jof. Pickering, Esquire, Agent to the " Island of Barbadoes, on behalf of the said Island, referred to them by their Lordships for their ConsiderationAnd also,

A Paper intituled, " Paymaster General and Secretary <c at War’s Report, relative to the Account of Expences " incurred by the Island of Barbadoes, in raising a Body " of Men employed against Martinique."

Together with Copies of Muster Rolls of the said Ten Companies.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to

African

Settlements.

Island of Barbadoes.

Alford, &c.

Road.

Katcliffe Highway and

b'ho well Road*.

1 Shepton Mallett Roadi*

Gomerton

Inclosure*

Lutcham

Inclosure*

Aufterfield

Inclosure.

Wadworth

lodofore.

Artny; Mutiny and Ifclenion.

Ways and Means.

5 Geo. III. 3°

401

Boston, and from thence to Cow, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, d Rbad, from Ratcliffs Highway through Cannon in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned;

and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,.

The Lorcas have agreed to th.e Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallei and Ivelchester in the County of set; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somerton, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Auflerfield, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the I-ords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effedluai an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coitimittee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Paterson reported from the Committee* That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may Lave Leave to fit again.

VoL'^o.

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Wellminflef a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to en- Pav‘nS* large the Powers of, and to render more effectual the several Acts, passed in the zd* 3d; and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, with respect to Squares.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. ment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Wheat, the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat,

Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at suchTime, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of1 the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Wool. upon the Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Ma-nufadlures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to certain Ports in the said Kingdom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to certain Ports in the Kingdom Great Britain-,

’ Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; -

Resolved\That this House will; upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Bill, now ingrossed to impower the High Court Rafters id of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, Chancery*^ a Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein to be Salarie*. limited, out of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Mailers of the said Court* was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money; therein mentioned; out of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court.

5 K Ordered,

Duties on Wheat.

Supply Bill Lottery, &c«

Duties on

Wrought Silk, &c.

Importation of Silk Stockings.

Bounty on Com.

40a 3'

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterfbn do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, towards satisfying and discharging certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund, was committed.

Mr. Paler[onaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be re-- ported to the House> and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ciift, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several additional Duties upon the Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Fttzherbert reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign-manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great and the Bri-

tijhDominions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feverially put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make 3 Motion, it being near Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bounty payable upoo Com exported.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

2

Mail. A. 1765.

Luna,6° die Mali \

Anno 5* Georgii III*11 Regis, *765.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures,. Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, or Manors, and Parish of otherwise Sifeham, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act doF dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, or Manors, and Parish of , otherwise

Sifeham, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Sca/ford, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An mgrofled Bill front* the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his said Will mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed' to Sir Savile, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. For refer. Mr. Lcgk, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Mr. Wil-

kinson. Sir William Codrington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sir John GlynneMr. Mr. Dyson,

Lord Orwell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Onslow, General Howard, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Ongley, Sir Anthony Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Lawrence, Sir Lynch Sa/ufbury Cotton, Mr. Prat, Mr. Darner, Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. WilfonMr. Burrell, Mr. Edmon~ fione, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mr.

treil, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Dtwdefwell, Mr. Clive, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Mawbey, Mr. Thor0ton, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Huffey, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland,

Weflmoneland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Braithwe/l, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing arid inclosing certain Common Fields, and Waste Ground, in the Parish of in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<^ for veiling the Estate, late of Peter WycbtYSw^, at

Goadby,

Sfrefliam

Ioclofare*

Scalford

IflClolUFTw

Earl of Carlisle Estate s.

BraitHwelf

Inclosuxe

Wycfie>

Estate,

5 Geo. III. 6d Mail403

Goadby, alias Godeby MarWo in the County of

in Trull, to be conveyed to the Most Noble Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Felmerfcam An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open nc oure. an(j common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

W»dworth The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Inclosure. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided inclosurcs. Commons, and Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadworth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 1. Leave out " their*" and insert " the" instead thereof.

1. 2. Leave out " or."

The said Amendments.being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewelt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

P»rw'nI*er Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the

' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts, paired in the id, 3d, and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of

minster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts with respect to Squares, Was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several'(Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

AMefiagefrom the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Pratt and the I^ord Chief Baron Parker:

Mr. Speaker,

Providing a The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to ^e^"CCafcs Pr0V1^c for the Administration of the Government, in CCr ° " case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of

His Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons;

Vol. 30.

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for laying several additional Duties Dude* oa upon the Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; Wrought for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this SllL &c* Kingdom: and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying several additional Duties upon the Importation of Wrought Silks and Velvets; for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the said Manufactures.

Ordered, That Mr. Cufl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mir.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exche- gyjshequer quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand D s*

Seven hundred and Sixty-five, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill» for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Land Tax. Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, together with those named in the Two former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates, of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum-, and for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Herring for the further Encouragement of the British White Flfller.v* Herring Fishery, without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Discovery for explaining and rendering more effectual. Two Acts, the , One made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen °n®1 ° e* Anne, intituled, An Act, for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons, as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons, as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making of Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Agents fbt to oblige Agents for Prize Money, to account for such i’nse Money. Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mansfield to for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike lload, near Tanfley, in the County of Derby; and from

Woolley

4°4

6° Mail A. 1765.

Woolley Moor, to the CTurnpike Road at Kel-fiidge, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

A(hford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

and St eldon for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, ncouie. Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashford and , in the Parish of -

well, and County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nclMore. for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford, without any Amendment: And also,

Taunton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Weights and A Bill for enforcing Uniformity of Weights and Mea-Measures. fares to the Standards thereof by Law to be established, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

TVyizes The House being informed that William Willy,

writ> Esquire, was alive at the Time the Order was made, for

Mr. Speaker to iflbe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Mr. Willy-,

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Tuesday lad. That the Messenger of tire Great Seal do forbear the Delivery of the said Writ until the further Order of this House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ill’ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Supersedeas to the said Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts.

Dude* on A Bill for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega, Gum, &c. an(j Gum Arabic, imported into, or exported from Great Britain; and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon W Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the said Bill.

Law* re- Sir George Savile preTented to the House, according to MlUoa*0 t*1C ®rt^er> a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities, to beat-Lottery, &c. tended with a Lottery, towards satisfying and discharging certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and for

charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, towards satisfying and discharging certain Navy* Victualling, and Transport Bills, and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Supply Fill) Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, and upon Policies of Aflarance; for retaining upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Muslins, a further Part of the Duties paid en the Importation thereof* and for obviating a Doubt with fespect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds, by Two former Acts; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title . be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, and upon Policies of Assurance; foF retaining, upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Muslins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds, by Two former Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to African Order, a Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions;

And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantify of British Allum exported Account $ from England, from Chrifimds 174910 1764;

distinguishing each Year, and to what Places exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually supplying the ifleofjlan. Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse Printed Callicoes and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for difeon-tinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that the Provisions of the Act shall not -extend to permit the Importation of certain Goods, except the same be imported directly from the East Indies.

And the said Clause being Once read;

A Witness was called in, and, at the Bar, examined, with respect to the Subject Matter of the said Clause.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read t lie Second Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth-

Tcllers

An ft rather Writ.

Supply.

5 Geo. III.

6° Maii.

4°5

Teller for he Yeas,^r;^ . } ,4.

Tellers for he Noes: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 18. To leave out " Price," and insert " Rate" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tiffe be, An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to with such Coarse

Printed Callicoes and other Goods, of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indiesor other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissionervto serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Ea-

Jler, Anjlruther Wester, Crailland in the Room of Sir Harry Baronet, who, since

his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Secretary to the most ancient and most noble Order of the Fhiftle.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Instrument, Letter, Entry, Minute, Memorandum, or other Writing, whereby any Officer is admitted, in any Court whatsoever, to serve or to hold his Office, shall be deemed and taken to be an Admittance of such Officer, within the Meaning of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and of another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and also of another Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, whereby the several Duties of Forty Shillings are charged and imposed upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admittance of such Officer is ingrafted or written.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of One Shilling, charged by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the Duty of One Shilling, charged by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and upon every Sheet and Piece of Paper upon which any Admission into any Corporation or Company shall be ingrossed or written, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead thereof, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings be charged and payable upon the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, which shall be made of such Admittance in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of every such Corporation or Company.

Vo jl. 30.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowance made by the several Statutes passed in the First, Ninth, Tenth, and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, to every Person who shall, at any One Time, bring to be Stamped, or buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Paper or Parchment, the Duties whereof shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of Six Pounds in the hundred Pounds, per Annum, for Six Months upon the present Payment of the said Duties, be discontinued and no longer payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, instead thereof, there be allowed to every Person, who shall, at any Time, bring to be Stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners, Paper or Parchment, the Duties whereof shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of Four Pounds in the Hundred Pounds per Annumi for Six Months, upon the present Payment of the said Duties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings be charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrafted, or written any Policy of Assurance, in which the Properties of more than One Person, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons in general Partnership, or of more than One Body Politic or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the Whole than the Sum of One hundred Pounds in any Ship, Cargo, or both, shall be allured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eight thousand Pounds, of the Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between His Majesty and the French King, concluded and signed at London the 27th Day of February last, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to Elis Majesty.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereunto; viz.

To leave out " his," and insert " such" instead thereof.

To leave out " shall be deemed and taken to be an " Admittance of such Officer," and insert " as is " charged with any Stamp Duty" instead thereof; and after " written," to add " shall be deemed and " taken to be an Admittance of such Officer."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That every Instrument, Letter, Entry, Minute, Memorandum, or other Writing, whereby any Officer is admitted, in any Court whatsoever, to serve or to hold such Office, as is charged with any Stamp Duty, within the Meaning of an Act made in the 5th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and of another Act made in the 9th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and also of another Act made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, whereby the several Duties of Forty Shillings are charged and imposed upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admittance of such Officer is ingrossed or written, shall be deemed and taken to be an Admits tance of such Officer.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee* being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the Six First of the said Resolutions, as the same have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John burner, Mr. Hunter, Mr. James

SL Mr.

Supply.

Ways and Means*

406 6° — 70 Mail. A, 1765.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Jenkinson, and Mr. Whately, do prepare, and bring in, the

tame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money, which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by this House, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, that the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to the Houte in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Monies which have been paid out of the Treasury of the Island of Bar-dadoes, for assisting His Majesty’s Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Ten Companies of Volunteers raised in the said Island, and employed upon the Expedition against Martinico; and the Paymaster General and Secretary at War’s Report to the Treasury thereupon, with Copies of the Muster Rolls of the said Ten Companies, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to make Provision for a proper Compensation to the Government of the Island of Barbadoes, for the Assistance given by them to His Majesty’s Forces under the Command of General Monckton, in the Expedition against the Island of Martinico.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of Bounties to be allowed on the Re-exportation from Great Britain, of Linen manufactured in the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties now payable on Goods and Merchandize, imported from the Isle of Man, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said IQe.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Le*ve to fit again.

Reftivtd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Pembroke Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Ekdhon. Hugh Ozveti, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation retblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ot w eat* upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 01 upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bounty on whole House, to consider of the Bounty now payable Corn, upon Corn exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harbordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Harbordreported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is,7* die Maii;

Anno 50 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

MR. Harbord, according to Order, reported from Bounty on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Corn, was referred to consider of the Bounty now payable upon Corn exported, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Bounty be allowed on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from Great Britain, until after the 24th Day of August next.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Wheat and

Wheat

' 5 Geo. III. 7° . 407

Wheat Flour imported, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision iivthe said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Importation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to of Corn. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tire fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Afb relating An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, made to Highways, in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turn-pike Roads of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, allowing Persons thinking themselves aggrieved by the Act, to appeal to the Quarter-Session.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for punishing Turnpike Keepers omitting to prosecute Offenders against the Acts.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 7. 1. 34. After " Justice," to insert, which " Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to grant "

Pr. 14. I. 5. To leave out " or," and insert, " and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provision for the Preservation of the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LordBellew*! Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, to whom Mates, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Lord Be/lew, Baron of Du/eek, in the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power to raise certain Sums therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of Younger Children, was committed; That the Committee had examined and found, that the Standing Orders concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had

Vo 1,. 30.

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to,

report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging American the Trade of His Majesty '% American Dominions, was Tra<le' read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Foundling Order, a Bill for the better providing for the Children Hospital. under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children; and for the Sale or Mortgage of certain Buildings erected for the Purpose of Lodging the said Children: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Providing a That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Resencv in humbly to acknowledge His Majesty’s great Goodness, certein aes* in proposing to secure the future Quiet and Peace of these Kingdoms, by making a Settled Provision fora Regency, and for the Guardianship of His Children, in same (which God avert) these Kingdoms should be deprived of the Blessing of His Majesty’s most invaluable Life, before His Royal Successor shall have attained the Age of Eighteen Years; and humbly to entreat His Majesty, out of His tender and paternal Regard for His People, that He would be graciously pleated to name the Person, or Persons, whom, in His Royal Wisdom,

He shall think fit to propose to the Consideration of Parliament, for the Execution of those. H*gh Trulls; thi§

House apprehending it is not warranted by Precedent, nor agreeable to the Principles of this free Constitution, to veil in any Person, or Persons, not particularly named and approved of in Parliament, the important Offices of Regent of these Kingdoms, and Guardian of the Royal Offspring, Heirs to the Crown;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Ditto. Reading of the ingrossed Bill from die Lords, intituled.

An Act. to provide for the Administration of the Government, in same the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of His Majesty, heing under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers

i^-

Supply.

Ways and Means*

7° Mali. A. 1765.

Tcllm for the Yeas, A Bickford:} ,8'

Teller, for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

} "7-

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two thousand Four hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty, the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the Government of the Island of Barbadoes, for the Assistance given by them to His Majesty’s Forces, under the Command of Major General Monckton, in the Expedition against the Hland of

Martmco.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied any Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, out of the Monies which shall arise of the Produce of the Duties laid in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic.

- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Stamp Duty of Two Shillings, which, by a Resolution of this House of the Sixth Day of this Instant May, is charged upon every Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, which shall be made of an Admittance into any Corporation or Company, in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of every such Corporation or Company, shall be applied to the same Uses, as the several Duties on Ad millions into such Corporation or Company are now applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Duty of Twenty Shillings, which, by a Resolution of this House of the Sixth Day of this Instant May, is charged upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Policy of Affu-rance, in which the Properties of more than One Person in any Ship, or Cargo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons, in general Partnership, or of more than One Body Politic or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the whole than the Sum of One hundred Pounds in any Ship, Cargo, or both, shall be allured, shall be applied to the like Uses, as the several Duties upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Policy or Assurance shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, are at present applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the same Bounties be allowed upon all Linens, to be made in the lUe of Man, and imported into 1

Great Britain, which shall be re-exported from thence, as are now allowed and made payable on the Exportation of British or IriJIj Linens, and under the fame

Restrictions and Limitations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inhabitants of the lile of Man may import, into any lawful Port of Great Britain, or Ireland, the Bestials, or any other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Isle, except Woollen Manufacture, Beer, and Ale, without paying any Custom, Subsidies, or Duties, for and in respect thereof (except such Excise or other Duty, as is now, or shall hereafter for the Time being, be due and payable for the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain)liable to certain Limitations and Restrictions.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Six First Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Second and Third Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring ip, a Bill for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Two last of the said Resolutions.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to veil as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with

all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

African

Settlements*

Exportation of Wheat, &c.

5 Geo. III.

Iflt of Man.

Tickhffl

Indofore.

Wychc’j

Estate.

Vernon*

Mate.

Spalding High Bridge, Ac. Road.

Banbury,

Road.

8° Mail. 409

Mercurii) 8° J

Anno 5* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution a Contraft made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of

His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchels of Athol, the Proprietors of the Weof Man, and their Trustees,’ for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called The High and Low Commons, in the Parish of Tickhill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Peter kVyche, Esquire, at , alias Godeby

Manvood, in the County of L in Trull, to be conveyed to the Most Noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook, in the County of Chester, Part of the Estate of Henry Vernon, Esquire,

comprized in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, previously to the said Settlement: and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Road from the Bridge at the East End of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottejbach, to the South End of Millfield, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the lload from the Turnpike Road at Banbury, in the County of ford, through Daventry and Cottef to the South End of Millfield, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester,

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hertford for repairing the Church of the United Parishes of All Church. Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Shutford for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure. Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Parish of Swa-cliffe, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several l»w* relat-Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training ing to the the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee t>f the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Harbord, according to Order, reported from the importation Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of Com. discontinue, for a.Time to be limited, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One j and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House s And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term of, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Out-gang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term of, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Little-

worth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang,' in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Yoj.. 30.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom infolrent the Bill for Relief of InfolVent Debtors was com- Debtor*, mitted. That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill j which they had directed him to report to the House) and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Weight* and to relblve itself into a Committtee of the whole House, Measur*. upon the Bill for enforcing Uniformity of Weights ard Measures to the Standards thereof by Law to be established, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

.5 M Mr.

<i,'

Militia Pay and Ck)a thing.

Importation of Silk Stockings.

Westminster

Paving.

410 8° Mail.A. 1765.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee. RefThat the Bill, do pass: And that the Title- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. be, An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they more effectual, the several Acts, passed in the 2d, 3d, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for ments thereunto; which they had directed him to<feport, paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating, when the House will please to receive the same. the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City

Ordered, That the Report be now received. and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Com- Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts with report to the House; and he read the Report in his respect to Squares.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Or, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, port was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said The Order of the Day being read, for the House to importation Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be fuf- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Wool, ficientfor the Use of the Members of this House. the Bill for restraining the Exportation of Wool, Wool-

fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Manu-An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted in fastures made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, from the this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Kingdom of , to certain Ports in the said King-

the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of dom; and for restraining the Importation thereof to Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the certain Ports in the Kingdom of Great Britain;

25th Day of March 1766; was read the Third Time. Ref, That this House will, upon this Day Three Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

be. An Act for applying the Money granted in this House, upon the said Bill.

Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of

the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply BUI

Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Duties on

the 25th Day of March 1766; and for punishing Mili- laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega, and Gum Gum*

tia Men neglecting their Duty. Arabic, imported into or exported from Great;

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Africa, to Great Britain only.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill for prohibiting the Importation of Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee. Foreign-manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Domi- ' Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they nions, was read the Third Time. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

The Amendments following were severally proposed ments thereunto; which they had directed him to

to be made to the Bill; viz. report, when the House will please to receive the

Pr. 15. 1. 5. To leave out "Seizure," and insert fame.

" Condemnation as aforesaid" in- Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow stead thereof. Morning.

1. 23. To leave out from " respectively" to

the End of the Bill. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways an*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, e*n,‘ severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction be, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign- to the said Committee, That they do consider of the manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Deficiency of the Funds established by an Act, made in Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Dominions; the 3»d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the several explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual. Judges and Justices of England and , mentioned an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of in the said Act, to answer the Payment of the Sums King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk Works." charged thereon, and of what Allowances may be pro-Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do cany the Bill to per to be made to the said Judges and Justices, and the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scot~

land, in respect of the HalfYear ending the 5th Day An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Powers of, and to of July 1759; render more effectual, the several Acts, passed in the 2d, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s 3d, and 4th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating, recommends it to the House, to consider of a proper the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City Method for providing for, and securing the Payment and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said of the several Sums charged upon the said Fund, and Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of what Allowances may be proper to be made to the said the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; Judges and Justices, and the Judges in the Courts of and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts with Session and Exchequer in Scotland, in respect of the Half respect to Squares; was read the Third Time. Year ending the 5th Day of July 1759.

The Amendments following were severally proposed Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-to be made to the Bill; viz. mittee, That they do consider of the Deficiency of the

Pr. 13. 1.15. After " Passage,"to insert "or Place." said Fund, to answer the Payment of the several Sums Pr. 40. 1. 35. After " brought," to insert " and all charged thereupon, and of what Allowances may be " such Actions and Suits shall be." proper to be made to the said Judges and Justices, and And the said Amendments were, upon the Question the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Scotland, in respect of the Half Year ending the 5th Day the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. of July 1759.

Ordered,

5 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the Account of the Nett Produce of the Additional Duties, 1759 and 1762, from the Commencement, to the 5th Day of ‘January 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

African The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Settlements. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa , and to veil as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the Britif/i Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Afr, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon t«ok the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made 3&*rogress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Wheat* whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harbord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him"to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

W*r» and Ordered, That Mr Jehave Leave to make a Umu. Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; That the Resolutions, which, upon the 28th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole' House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " the Sum of One hundred Thirty-five thousand Two ' " hundred and Thirteen Pounds Five Shillings and " One Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer on the " 10th Day of October 1764, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the

Vol. 30.

41 1

" Surjjlufies, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Wayi aras " Revenues of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Means. " Fund."

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum " of Two Millions One hundred thousand Pounds, out " of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses,

" Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues,

" composing the Fund, commonly called the Sinking " Fund."

Mr. Jenkinson also moved the House, That the Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the Fourth Day of,

April last, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds,

" remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which " was granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of "the Pay and Cloathing’of the Militia for One Year,

" beginning the 25th Day of March 1764, be issued and " applied towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, in this Session of Parliament.

Mr. Jenkinson also moved the House, That the Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the 20th Day of April last, were reported from the said Committee of thewhofe House, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same Was, as agfecd to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, of the Monies arisen, or to arise, out of " such of the Duties granted, or continued by an Act " made in the last Session of Parliament, as were thereby referVed to be disposed of by Parliament, towards " defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protedling, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good " the Supply granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations;

" and for Provisions for the Forces in North,

" Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Islands,

" for the Year 1765."

Mr. Jenkinson also moved the House, That the last of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday last, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and were then, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Eight thousand Pounds, of the Monies " agreed to be paid by a Convention, between His Majesty and the French King, concluded and signed " at London the 27th Day of February last, for the Main- tenance of the late French Prisoners of War, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to " His Majesty."

Mr. Jenkinson also moved the House, That the Pirft of the Resolutions, which were Yesterday Reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " any Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds,

" out of the Monies which shall arise of the Produce of " the Duties laid in this Session of Parliament, upon the " Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega, and " Gum Arabic."

Mr. Jenkinson also moved the House, That the Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the Second Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the

whole

8° Mali.

Indemnity for Omission to file Ash-davits.

Supply Bill; Duties on Gum.

Ways and Means.

412 8° — 90

whole House, to whom it was referred to confidft further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Refolded, That the Sum of Two hundred Fiftyone thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds " Two Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be " granted to His Majesty^ upon Account, out of the " Monies remaining to be applied of the Exceedings of " the several Sums provided by Parliament for sundry " Services, and of the Monies that have been paid into " the Hands of the Paymaster General, by Contractors " and others, to the 23d Day of March 1765, towards " discharging l'uch unsatisfied Claims and Demands."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr Wand Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProElor have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution, of Indentures of Clerk-ships, and to give further Time for making and filing such Affidavits.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moriiing, Nine of the Clock.

JoQtS) 90 di Mali \

Anno 5* Georgii III*U Regis, 176$;

Pit aysr s.

MR. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic, imported into, or exported from Great Britain; and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once fead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wlr.Patcifon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good and securing the Payment of the Sums of Money directed, by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation

i i

Mail. 1765.

of the Salaries of the Judges and Jfustices therein mentioned, within England and Wales, there be granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Four Pounds upon every’ Piece of Vellum or Parchment,- cr Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admission into any of the Four Inns of Court shall be ingrossed or written; and an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pounds upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any Register. Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate of the Degree of Utter Barrister, taken in any of the Four Inns of Court.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, out of any of the Surplusses which shall arise upon the Funds established for Payment of the said Augmentation, and upon the said additional Stamp Duty, after the Payments charged thereupon are, from Time to Time, satisfied, a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, from the 5th Day of January to the 5th Day of July 1759» according to the Proportions appointed by the said Act, with respect to the Augmentation therein mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, out of any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act: made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne> were charged, or made chargeable, with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session and Justiciary, and Exchequer Court in Scotland, a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer there, from the 5th Day of January to the 5th Day of July 1759, according to the Proportions appointed by the said Act, made in the J2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, with respect to the Augmentation thereby granted of the Salaries of the said Judges.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Nix. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord North, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Jenkinson, and Mr. Whately, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, Supply; upon the 28 th Day of March last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, lead accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That One Fourth Part of the Capital " Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds " per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain " Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance " Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to " an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign,

" be redeemed and paid off on tire 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy thousand Eight hundred Eightyeight Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem and pay oft’ One Fourth Part of " the Capital Stock of the said Annuities."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said

5 Geo. III. 90 — io°

laid Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, the Lord Sir John Turner,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. James Harris, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. J, and Mi-. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Exportation Mr. Harbord, according to Order, reported from the of Wheat., Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation An ingrossed Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be of Corn. limited, ,the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the’Title be. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported, and also the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave have Leave to flay in the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

W&ys and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, ean5' who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Six First of the Resolutions, which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for further securiqg and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, intq the

Court of llequests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Providing a Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Regency in to resolve itl’clf into a Committee of the whole House, certain Cafes. Upon the ingrossed' Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of His Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Cate and Guardianship of their Persons; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 24th Day of April last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Comrqittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Master of the Rolls took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vo l. 30.

Mail. 413

The Master of the Rolls reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rep'ort, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum pulnnd of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for apply- ’ iqg certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1765; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of ClerkIhip: and to give further Time for making and filing such Affidavits: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Improving Order, a Bill for the better Securing and further Im- ^venues of provement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, In- u oni5’ c land and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, upon the Payment of certain Duties: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson have Leave to make a Motion. /

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 10° die Maii;

Anno 50 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

Pr AYERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk RawSilk'&c« imported; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland-, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tay Bridge, for the building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act NorthBritam for regulating the Currency and due Payment of Notes Banlc Notes, and Bills issued by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland -, and for restraining the Practice of issuing Notes and Bills for Sums left than Twenty Shillings, by such Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Rayment’*

5 N enable Name.

4*4

io

Mail

A. 17(35.

Mifly’s and Ro\er’s Nat.

Rtyment’s

Name.

enable 'Jeremiah Ray me,: the Younger, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and ul’e tl'.e Surname and Arms of

sley, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadj Esquire,

deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Iloule: And all'o,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for House, upon the said Bill, naturalizing Henry Je Mijjy and Gabriel Le Royer; to which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

And then the Mefi’engers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Jeremiah Rayment the Younger, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

Ordered, That the Sheriffs, or Under Sheriffs, of the Account of several Counties in England and Wales do transmit to the Prisonen. Clerk of this House, before the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Prisoners confined in the several Gaols and Prisons, within their respective Counties, for Debts due to the Crown, or for

Hadjley, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadjley Esquire, Non-payment of Fines on Misdemeanors, specifying the

deceated, was read the Firib Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

MilTy’s and

( An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

oyer s Nat. for naturalizing Henryde Mijjy and Gabriel Le Royer, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Names of such Prisoners, the Dates of their Commitments, the Amount of the Debts or Fines for which they are detained, and the Nature of the Misdemeanors for which the said Fines were imposed.

Wyche’*

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill for laying certain Duties uponGum Supply Bill; Senega, and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported Duties oa from and for confining the Exportation

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the of Gum Senega from Africa, to Great Britain only; was Amendments made by the Lords, to the Amendment read the Third Time.

made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title veiling the Estate late of Peter Wyche Esquire, at Goadby, be, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega, alias. Godeby Marzvood, in the County of Leicester, in and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great

Trust, to be conveyed to the Most Noble John Marquis Britain and for confining the Exportation of Gum of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Senega from Africa, to Great Britain only.

Purchase Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the mentioned. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the North Britain

After "Wyche," insert "without the Approbation Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Bank Notes. " of the High Court of Chancery obtained on a An Act for regulating the Currency and due Payment " Petition preferred for that Purpose; and after of Notes and Bills issued by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for restraining the Practice of , issuing Notes and Bills for Sums less than Twenty Shillings by such Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers.

And the said Amendments were readand are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 26.

" thereof," insert " at present."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, to the Amendment made by this House to the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill; Redemption of certain Annuities.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1765; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerkship, and to give further Time for making and filing such Affidavits; was read a Second T*ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr Paterfonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for redeeming a certain Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling and Tranl'port Bills, and Ordnance Debentures: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Improving Revenues of k'ullomi, See.

A Bill for the better Securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Hie of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, upon the Payment of certain Duties; was read a Sec ond Time.

Leave out from " Persons," to the End of the Clause; and inllead thereof, insert " whatsoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to issue or give,

" or cause to be issued or given, within that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, any Note, Ticket, Token,

" or other Writing, for Money, of . " the Nature of a Bank Note, circulated or to be circulated as Specie,

" but such as shall be payable on " Demand, in lawful Money of Great Britain, and without referring any " Power or Option of delaying Payment thereof for any Time or " Term whatsoever; and that, from "and after the said 15th Day-of " May 1766, all Notes, Tickets,

" Tokens, or other Writings for " Money, of the Nature of a Bank " Note, issued previous to the said " Day, and circulated as Specie, in " that Part of the United Kingdom, " shall, and they are hereby declared " and adjudged to be payable on Demand, in lawful Money aforesaid, " any Option, Condition, or other " Clause therein contained to the " contrary notwithstanding: Provided " always, that nothing contained in " this Act shall prevent any Person " or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, froxa issuing Poll Bills, payable

5 Geo. 111. 10° Mali. 415

" able vSeven Days after Sight, in the same Manner they are at present ifl’ucd by the Bank of " land."

Pr. 2. 1. 28. Leave out " accepted Bill, Post Bill."

1. 29. After " Writing," insert " for Money,

" of the Nature of a Bank Note,

" circulated, or to be circulated as " Specie."

Pr. 3. 1. 15. Leave out " said 15th Day of May " 1766 and insert " passing of this " Adt" instead thereof.

1. 24. Leave out " Bodies Politic or Corporate."

1. 35. After " Payment," insert " or for not * marking."

Pr. 7. 1. 3. After " Payment," insert " until the " ift Day of June 1766."

1. 7. After " fame," insert " at any Time." And the First of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Inconveniences arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills, by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr.

Mr. Oswald, and Mr. D do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ua* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynajlontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Royal A {Tent A Message by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman to Bill*. Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-ment^oned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal, was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and all'o impowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great the Lord Cham-

berlain of the Houshold; and the Earl of Sandwich, Vol. 30.

named also in the said Commission; did accordingly de- Royal Afloat clare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Bills; to l!,‘ which Bills arc as followed); viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

An Act for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

An Act for the further encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract, made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Duke and Duchefe of Athol, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-five, together with thote named in the Two former Acts, foi appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates, of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual Two Acts, One made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals, made for discovering the Longitude, and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

An Act to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of His Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

- An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwely, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty for repairing the Road from Crofsford Bridge to Man-

chester, and for amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under-Lyne to Haffop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton-, and also the Road branching out of the said First-mentioned Road, at Cobridge, to Burfiem, and to the Turnpike at Skelton, in the County of Stafford.

Royal A {Tent to Bills*

416 10° Mail. 1765*

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Town and Borough of through and

Ba rton WaterftdeHonjc to RifehamHedge Corner, and . Timber/combe, to Heie Bridge, and through the Town of several other Roads in the County of Lincoln, therein and by the River and Green, to

mentioned. bridge, in the County of SomerJ'et, and from thence to

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Bat bam Bridge, in the Town of in the County

Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his of Devonand also the Road leading from the said Port late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town and Borough of Minehead, through Town of Shretvfbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much and Billbrooke, to Gate, in the Parish of

Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to in the county of ; and also the Road lead-

Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop-, and for amending ing from Carhamplon aforesaid, through the Town of several other Roads near or adjoining thereto. in the Parish of Saint Decuman’s, in the County

An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydoti, and by through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peters, Long Cross Barn, to the End of tjic Turn-

and from thence to lid Gotc, in the Isle of Ely, and from pike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowev, in the County Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge, of Somerset and also from the said Town of Watchet, to in the County of Norfolk-, and for repealing the several Tower Hill, in the Village of , in the said Parish

Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and of Saint Decuman's-, and from the said Town of March. by way of Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Sticklepath, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the said County of Devon.

in the County of Lincoln-, and from North Willingham, An Act for repairing and widening several Road$, to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpeand leading from between the Second and Third Milestone, Langton; and from WestRaijin to Pilford Bridge, and on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County from the Great Road, near Bishop Bridge, to Bishop Norton of Poole, and Winborne-Minster, in the County of Dorset, Common, and from the Hamlet of Morton, to Epworth-, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset. and from Haxey Field, to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead-the said County of Lincoln. ing from a Street called The Hundred at Romsey, through

An Act for amending and widening the Road from Ckilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of the City of York, by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge-, Southampton, and for connedling the same with the Road

and from Grimfon Smithy aforesaid, to a certain Gate, at leading from the City of Winchester, through to

the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York. Chandler’s Ford-, and from Hursley aforesaid, to the

An Act for repairing and widening the lload from Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for re-

Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon’s Lane End, pairing and widening the Road leading from the River in the County of Lancaster, and from the Cross in Ashton- at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turn-mder-Lyne, in the said County of Lancaster, to Doflor's- pike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the said County of Lane-Head, in the County of York; and also the Road Southampton.

branching out of the first-mentioned Road, in the Town- An Act for repairing and widening the Road from ship of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chef- Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the ter. County of Lincoln.

An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Fourth An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act and Sixth Years of King George the First, and in the made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Years of King George the for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End, a Road from Rat cliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in Kent Street and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dart- in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said ford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and water-Bromley and Beckenham. in the County of Kent; and ing, the said Roads.

for extending the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted leading from the End of the present Turnpike, to the by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late West End of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough Well, Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and and to the Stones Enel, in London Street, Greenwich, and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to And to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and in the

Lee; and from the West End of Greenwich Park Wall County of Somerset-, and for repairing the Roads from to Woolwich Warren-, and for making an Allowance out Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to of the Tolls arising by the said Acts, to the Trustees for Long Cross Bottom.

putting in Execution an Act of the Twenty-second Year An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the of King George the Second, for opening and making a Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Pa- Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of rish of Saint John,.Southwark, to and through the feve- Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham ral Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Turnpike Road, near Tanjley, in the County of Derby, Road in Repair for the future. and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Road at Kelftidge, in the County of Derby. the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wif-An Act for explaining and amending, and likewisefor beach River, lying between Roper's Fields, and the Bell-enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by a certain

Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Bear in Walfoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Reign of his late Majesty King’ George the Second, inti-Walkofen Bridge (lying over the said Drain) to the said tuled. An Act for amending several Roads leading from Sign of the Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Islington -, and the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset. from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act, German's Bridge, in the County of Norfolk-, and from passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King the East End of Germans Bridge aforesaid, to the West George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate -, and for cleanl-King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from ing, amending, and preferring, the Haven of JJlington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said wich.

County. An Act for vesting certain G lebe Lands, belonging

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, to the Redlory of the Parish Church of and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the P©rt in the City of London, in the Governor and Company la of

5 Geo III. ro°

of the Bank of England, and for making a Recompence to the Hector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in Lieu thereof; and for obviating certain Doubts, in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Tallages, within the City of London.

An Act for repairing the Church of the United Pali flies of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Loes and in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on the Hill, in the County of Lei

An Act for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chalmofs, within the Manor of Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures. and other Commonable Places, in Burton Overy, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Aukborough, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Etnload, in the County of Worcester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, or Commons, in the Parish of IVolJingham, in the County Palatine of Durham.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Man^T and Parish of hont, in the County of Derby.

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of IVilford, in the County of Nottingham,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and Grounds in Gr'mfion, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing Two Moors, or Commons, within the Barony and Manor of,

and Parish of Symondburn, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Arable Fields, in the Parishes of North Cockerington and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Keelby and Stallingbrough, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common Meadow, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Carlton upon ’Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Fen, in the Parishes of Afiackby and Dowfby, in the County of Lincoln -, and for draining and improving the said Fen, and also certain inclosed Low Grounds adjoining to the said Fen.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Moors, Sheepwalks, Wood Ings, Sike Closes, Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bransion, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship and Liberties of Granburrow, in the County of Warwick.-

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Common Lands, of and . Vol. 30.

Mali. 417

in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Long in

the County of Northampton, exclusive ot that Part of the Hamlet of Murcotwhich lies in the said Parish.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Common, in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for inclosing and dividing the High and Low Commons of Aifierfield, in the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Wraltes, lying and being within the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Ashfordand Sheldon, in the Parish

of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Meadows* and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Somerton, in the County of Oxford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the Pari 111 of Swacliffe, in the County of Oxford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called The High and Loiv Commons, in the Parish of Tickhillin the Counties of York and Nottingham.

An Act for draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourn, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Dorothy late Countels Dowager of Burlington, lying in the Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned; and for inverting Part of the Money arising by such Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt affecting the same Pre-mi fes, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do now stand limited, or so many of them as shall be then existing.

An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares belonging to the honourable John St. John, an Infant, and Edward Dering, allb an Infant, of and in several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Thanet in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold} and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale theteof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of the said John St. John and Edward,

respectively, and their respective Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for making the Portions provided by the Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan Baronet, and Dame Julia his Wife, for their Younger Children, verted Interests, so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the Lifetime of their Father; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook, in the County of Chester, Part of the Estate of Henry Vernon Esquire, comprized in his Marriage Settlement, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, previous to the said Settlement; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for felling Part of the settled Estates of Robert Dolman Esquire, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the Younger, his Eldest Son, affecting the fame; and foe making provi-5 O fion

Royal Alfeat (o Bills.

418 10° Maii. A. 1765.

Roy»l A (lent fion for Robert Dolman the Younger, and for the Younger to Bills. Children of Robert Dolma the Eider.

An Act for v. fling Part of the settled Kflates of

Jlcpkcr Crov:e Esquire, in the County of ,in him, in

Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates, in the same County, in Lieu thereof.

An Act for vesting the settled E (late of John Knowsley and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles for the Purchase thereof; and for laying out the Money thereby stipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other Lands, be charged and settled in Manner as therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Elizabeth Cary Widow, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the same to Robert Child Esquire, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

An Act for diverting out of the Heir at Law, or other legal Representative or Representatives of Edmund Neeler, deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late IViirtam Westbr Esquire, deceased, in the ^Counties of Middlesex, and Surrey, and in

the City of London; and for vesting the same in Truf-tecs, to be sold and conveyed to such Person as may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery.

An Act for Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of Doctor Robert Taylor, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to confirm and establish Exchanges of Land, at Dorking in Surrey, between Charles Howard Esquire, and Edward Walter Esquire, and between the said Charles Howard and Jonathan Esquire.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Mary Phelps Widow, deceased, given and devised by her Will, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances.

An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold Estates, in the several Counties of Suffolk, Bucks, and Middlesex, and in the City of London, in Trustees, for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several Legacies, or Portions, bequeathed by the Will of William Hollingworth Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for Sale of the Estates comprised in the Mar-. riage Settlement of John Bristow Esquire, in the County of Norfolk; and for applying the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said Settlement.

An Act for making a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Lincoln and York, late the Estate of Edward Ayscough, deceased, which, upon his Death, belonged to his Four Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several Uses limited, of their several Undivided Shares thereof respectively.

An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate late of Amie BroxolmeWidow, deceased, in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square-, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof.

An Act for naturalizing Louisa Rudolphina Wale ajid Gregory Wale.

An Act to naturalize Paul Wagner.

An Act for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn.

Judge* Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to

.Salaries. Order, a Bill for encreasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Money, directed by an Act made in the 32d Yev of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being; and for applying Part of the said Fund in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, hnd of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time, previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Mailer of the Rolls, according to Order, reported providing a from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Regency in ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to pro* certain Cafe*, vide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should defeend to any of the Children of His Majesty, being under the Age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 4. After " or," insert " her Royal Highness Augujia Princess Dowager of " Wales," and leave out " other."

1. 7. Leave out now and, " and insert " who " at the Time of passing this Act shall " be, and from thenceforth shall conti*ie to be."

Pr. 15.1.5,6. Leave out " both Houses," and in-lert " either House."

1.24,25. Leave out " both Houses," and insert " either House."

I.31. Leave out " both Houses," and insert " either House."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}ffft'ibT' } >67.

Tellers for the Noes,}j}{|; . j 37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The next of the said Amendments being read a Second Time, was,.upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment made to the Bill in Pr. 3. h 7. being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word " who," and inserting " whole " usual Residence" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Word " who"

Hand part of the said Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being proposed to insert " whose " usual Residence" instead thereof.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the said Bill be re-committed.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

mn r l v f Mr. Price Campbell, 1

Tellers for the Yeas, \s, William Mwdith I

Tellers for.hcNossJ^-'^ }.jS.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then

t Gfib. IIL 10° Mas 419

Then the Question being puf, That the Words whose usual Residence" be then inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ti’.e Amendments following were also severally pro* J) ofed to be made to the Cud Amendment, viz. after * shall," to leave out " be," and insert " have been" in- (lead thereof; and after M thenceforth," to inlert " until " such Nomination and Appointment."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Leave out " now and, " and insert " whose usual Re- fidence at the time of passing this Act shall have " been, and from thenceforth, until such Nomination

and Appointment, shall continue to be."

The Residue of the Amendments made, by the Committee, to the said Bill> being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Regent shall be resident in Great , from the

Time of Nomination and during the Regency; and is as followeth; viz.

Provided always, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, shall be capable of succeeding to, or holding such Office of Guardian and Regent, unless the usual Residence of such Person, from the Time of such Nomination and Appointment, to the Time of his or her succeeding to such Office of Guardian and Regent, shall continue to be in Great Britain; and in case any Person shall become so difquaiified, by Non-residence as aforesaid, or in case any Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, who shall have fuc-cceded to, and shall be in theadlual Exercise of the said Office of Guardian and Regent, shall notafterwardscontinue to be resident in Great Britain then, and in each of such

Cafes, such Nomination and Appointment of the said Person shall cease and determine, in the same Manner as if such Person were naturally dead.

The said Clause being read a Second Time;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made thereunto, by in ferting after the Words " Great ,"

and before the Word " then," these Words, " or in case " any Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian " and Regent as aforesaid, shall at any Time marry a " Papist

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several other Amendments being made to the said Clause, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

Provided always, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, shall be capable of succeeding to, or holding such Office of Guardian and Regent, unless the usual Residence of such Person, from the Time of such Nomination and Appointment, to the Time of his or her succeeding to such Office of Guardian and Regent, shall continue to be in Great;

and in case any Person shall become so disqualilied, by Non-residence as aforesaid, or in case any Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, who shall have succeeded to, and shall be in the actual Exercise of the said Office of Guardian and Regent, shall not afterwards continue to be resident in Great Britain; or in case any Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, shall at any Time marry a Papist; then, and in every such Case, such No-Yol. 30.

mination and Appointment of the said Person shall cease and determine, in the same Manner as if such Person were naturally dead.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Person nominated Regent, if a Female, shall not marry without the Content of Parliament.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellerf for the Yeas,} 37-

Tellers for <h=Noes.^"- } , S9.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill* That the Regent shall not give Peerages, Pensions, or Reversions, except upon Addresses of both Houses of Parliament.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 7. To leave out " usually residing."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause beginning in Pr. 7. I. ult. relating to the Appointment of a Council of Regency.

And the Question being put. That jhefe Words stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for he Yea,* > ,4.

Tellers for the Noes, jf££.. \ 15®-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies; for imposing, in certain Cafes, additional Stamp Duties on Policies of Assurance; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies,

in

Supply Bill:

Stamp

Dutict.

American Trade.

African

Company*

A, 1765*

Insolvent

Debtors.

Earl of Carlisle’s Estatee.

i o° — 13° Maiu

420^ '

in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Fort, and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Ports of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effe&s, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Depen* dencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned til! Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuTUBy 13* die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing Assignees to make Compositions for Debts.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, impowering Courts of Justice to remedy Complaints against Assignees.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; Which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Qucllion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing Assignees to allow an Account between Debtors and their Creditors.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for Discovery of Prisoners Estates.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proflor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Walter Blacket reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his said Will mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill i viz.

To leave out said."

And the said Amendment was, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pase;

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blacket do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their LoTdships.

A Bill for increasing the Fund for Payment of the Sum; Judge* of Money, directed by an Act made in the 3 ad Year Salaries, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Wefminfl and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being; and for applying Part of the said Fund in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time, previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to permit American Bar Iren to be exported from this Kingdom, and to be carried Coastwise.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message

A Bill for redeeming a certain Part of the Joint Stock Supply Bills} of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Redemption Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, of ccr‘ain Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Deben- nnul les* tures, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions Supply Bill; into Corporations or Companies; for imposing, in certain' Stamp Cafes, additional Stamp Duties on Policies of Afliuance; Duue’-and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; was read a Secoqd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo'ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

j

5 Geo. III.

13° M

421

Providing a Regency in certain Cafes.

Supply Bill; Lottery, &c.

Sopply Bill; Duties on Pottage.

Supply Bill; Duties on Coals, tec.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion; America.

lie of Man.

Matters in

Chancery’s

Salaries.

Banbury, &c. Road.

Warwick to Northampton Road.

Mahon to Bickering

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administrarion of the Government, iA case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of His Majesty, being under the age of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, to fotisfy and discharge certain Navy* Victualling, and Transport Bills; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rate9 of Portage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge several Provisions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of tire Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Port Office; with* out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, and upon Policies of Art u ranee; for retaining, upon the Exportation of White Calicoes and Muslins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by Two former Acts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse Printed Calicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain-, for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Masters of the said Court; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottefbatch, to the South End of Mill-Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malt011 Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malt on, to the Town of , in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 30.

Spalding High Bridge, Sec. Road.

Felmersham

Inclosure.

Malb rough Inclosure.

Scalford

Inclosure.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and fender more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littieworth, and by Frognal, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Qutgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Read there; with* out any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common P allures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of sham, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, Undivided Inclosures, Commons and Wastes, in or near the Village or Hamlet of M in the Township of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opeh and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Scalford, in the County of Leicester, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefltngers withdrew.

Sir Alexander Glimmer presented to the House, accotd- North Britaining to Order, a Bill to prevent the Inconveniences arising Bank Notes, from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills, by the Banksj Banking Companies, arid Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That- the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said; Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Elliot, Sir George Savile, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Dyson, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Mr.

Calvert, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Crefcvell, the Mar quis of Lome, Mr. Molyneaux, Mr. Lewis, Lord Ca-t her lough, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Oswald, General Irwin,

Mr. Meyrick, Mr. Walpole, Lord Brownlow Mt.

Howard, Mr. Drummond, Colonel Greeme, Mr. Mackay,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Paterson, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Toucket, Mr. Blackfi Mr. Jackson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Murray; and all the Members Who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to settlements, consider further of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as welt the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all \the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in of upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependent cies, in His Majesty; and for securing* extending, and improving the Trade to Africa; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the several Copies of Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to a Port alledged to be discovered by Mr. George Glas, and unknown to all other Europeans t 5 P together

4^3 15° M 1705.

together with the Copies of His Majesty’* Orders in Council, upon the lleprelentations made to Him by the Lcds Commissioners for Trade and Plantations thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Laws relating Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the

to the Militia. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and enforce the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia Within that Part of Great Britain called , was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty

of the City of Oxford, in the County of Oxford, in Council assembled, and of others, the Owners of Houses and Lands within the said City of Oxford and the Suburbs thereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Value of Houses and Lands within the said City and Suburbs have, from Time to Time, so much decreased, as to make the Land Tax, when settled at the Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound for the Kingdom in general, to arise, in some Parishes in the said City and Suburbs, from Five Shillings and Sixpence to Six Shillings in the Pound; and that, for thel'e Nine Years last pad, during which Time the Land Tax in general has been Four Shillings in thd Pound, all the Houses and Lands within the said City and Suburbs, at an Average, have been assessed to the Land Tax at the- Rate of Four Shillings and Eleven Pence in the Pound, and upwards; an.! that all the Houses and Lands within the County of which

are not within the said City or Suburbs, do not, at an Average, pay Three Shillings in the Pound, when the Land Tax is at Four Shillings; and alledging, That by a Clause in an Act in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That in, all Cafes where the Militia has not been raised for any County or Riding, within which any City, Town or Place shall not be rated to the Rate called the County Rate, the Payment of the Sum ol'Tive Pounds per Man upon the whole Number of private Militia Men, directed to be raised within every County or Riding, shall be divided arid apportioned between each respective County or Riding, and each such respective City, Town, or Place within the same, as shall hot contribute to the said Rate, called the County Rate, in such Proportion as the respective Quotas paid to the Land Tax, by each respective County or Riding, and by such respective City, Town, and Place, bear to each other; and that the Militia has not been raised in or for the County of Oxford-, and that the said City of Oxford has never been rated to the Rate called the County Rate; and as the Houses and Lands within the said City and Suburbs have, from Time to Time, hitherto been assessed, and do now pay to the Land Tax

in such greater Proportion as aforesaid, than the rest of the Houses and Lands in the said County, which are not within the said City or Suburbs) the Petitioners therefore apprehend themselves to be doubly grieved by the said Clause, which seems not only to confirm the present Inequality in the Land Tax, under which the Petitioners now labour, but to extend that Inequality to other new raised Taxes, which, the Petitioners apprehend, was never intended by this House; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Clause may be either repealed, explained, or altered, so that the Petitioners may not pay for their Houses and Lands within the said City and Suburbs towards the Militia for the said County, in greater Proportion than the Owners of other Houses and Lands within the said County; and that the Petitioners may have such other Redress in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Militia Men enlisting into the Army.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking Fund, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain &c'

Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Ser vice of the Year 1765; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerkship, and to give further Time for making and filing such Affidavits;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Approbation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for making a proper Allowance to the Receivers General in Scotland, of the Duties granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, upon Offices and Employments, for their Trouble in the Receiving and Accounting for such Duties.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Improving ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Reveuuesof House, upon the Bill for better securing and further <-ustoms» &c-

Improve-

5 Geo. III. 13* — 14® Mail. 423

Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of and for allowing the

Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, upon the Payment of certain Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar (is, 140 Mali;

Anno 50 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

Kincardine CjRdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of , in the

Room of Sir James Carnegie Baronet, deceased.

American Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report

Trade. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions, was committed.

Mr. Jenkinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had m&de to the Bill J and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ' Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Exportation An ingrafted Bill to enable His Majesty, with the of Wheat. Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

Mifly and An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Royer’s Nat. for naturalizing Henry de Mifjy and Gabriel Le Royer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Edmonstone, Sir George Savile, Mr. Coutts, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Sharpe, Mr Sir

Gilmour, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Lord Burgherjh,

Mr. Paterson, Mr. CrefSir John ‘Turner, Mr

Mr. Cujl, Colonel Ba Mr. Harbord, Mr.

Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Mr. , Sir

Vol. 30.

Edmund Isham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Grey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynafbn, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Burt,

Mr. Pryce Campbell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr,

Page: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rayment’* to enable Jeremiah Rayment the Younger, Esquire, and Name, his Iffuc, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hadfley, pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadjley Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiffner,

Mr. Cujl, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dowdeswell,

Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Coventry, Sir John St, Aubyn, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wauchope, Lord Verney, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Grey, Sir Alexander,

Mr. Paterson, Mr. Lewis, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Morton, Mr. Coutts, Lord Panmure, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whate-ley, Lord Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Knight, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sandys, Sir Armine Wodehousei Mr. Touchet, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Rice, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Rushout, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jackson, Mr. For-rester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the African Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for SetUcments, repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as Well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, 'Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read. '

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause A, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Clause A being ead a Second Time;

Several Amendments were made, by the House, thereunto.

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth

Tellers for the Yeas Dyson, ]

J ellers toi the I eas,^Mr Paterson: j 34*

T-ii c,l xt (Mr. Alderman Beckford, 1

Tellers for the Noes.JMr Prkt j . 5.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the Servants of the Company from exporting Negroes on their own Accounts,

And the said Clause Was Twice read, with a Blank > which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir

424

140 Mali. A. 1765.

North Britain sir Alexander Gilmour reported-trom the Committee,

Bank Note«. tQ whom the Bill to prevent the Inconveniences arising from the present Method of KTuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the QueC» tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

I lie of Man. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandefkijie Trade to and from the Isle of Man; without any Amendment: And also,

Militia The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Pay and Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of ou ID£' Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-' fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and

Sixty-five; and for punishing Militia Men for neglecting their Duty; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Importation of fevoral-Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, upon the Payment of certain Duties; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply BUI;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sinking granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out 1’B" of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1765; and for indemnifying Peffons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerkship, and to give further Time for making and filing such Affidavits, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, werer with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Laws relating to the Militia.

An ingossed Bill to explain, amend, and enforce the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain Called England, was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

32.

6.

Tellers for the Y.as, j }

Tellers for the Noes,} Mtfv^"*"*4

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of Car. The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made lisle’sEflates. by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers1 Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, and

Durham, late the Estate of Henry Earl of Carlisle deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, io and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his laid Will mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Improving Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for die House Revenues of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whale House, Customs. upon the Bill for the better Securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allowing the 10

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; 4 Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming a certain Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Trapsport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill j a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Stamp altering the Stamp Duties upon Admiflkms into Cor- uue^ porations or Companies; for imposing, in certain Cafes, additional Stamp Duties on Policies of A flu ranee; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, Thai they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Judges whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Fund, SllarieK for Payment of the Sums of Money, directed, by an Act

Rayment’s

Name.

Account; Chocolate and Coffee.

African

cjtlei*ent5.

5 Geo. III. 14? — 150 Mail.42.5

Act made in the ^2d Year of the Reign of his late Pr. 9.1,1a. To leave out'" by Parliament."

Majesty King George the Second, to be applied In Aug- And {he laid Amendment was, upon the Question

mentation of the Salaries of the Puifre Judges in the put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of was amended at the Table accordingly.

Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court RefilveThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of be. An Act For repealing an Act, made in the laftSeh Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in lion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Wales, for the Time being; and for applying Part of Fort of , and its Dependencies, in the Company

the said Fund in Augmentation of the Salaries of the of Merchants trading to and to Vest as well

said Judges, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session the said Port and its Dependencies, as all other the and Exchequer in Scotland, lor a certain Time previous tish Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of , to the Commencement of the Augmentations established lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, to--

by the said Act. gether with all the Property, Estate, and Eflefts of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee. upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependent

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. cies, in His Majesty j and for securing, extending, and

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That improving the Trade to

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Ord That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Lords, and desire their Concurrence, to report, when the House will please to receive the fame. A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robin*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow son. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod;

Morning. Mr. Speaker,

1 The King commands this honourable House to attend Royal Assent

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers. to

Morning, Nine of the Clock. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up

to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

’ " " " ’ Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended

His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty o was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several Public

Mercurii, 15 -die Maii\ and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a ^Vnno 5" Georgii III*11 Regis, 1765. Lottery, to satisfy and discharge certain Navy, Victual-

ling, artd Transport Bills; and for charging the Pay-Prayers. ment of futfh Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

ffRdered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed An to certa'n Eatys of Postage; and to

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable amend> explain, and enlarge several Provisions in an Jeremiah Rayment the Younger, Esquire, and his issue, Aftmade in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen to take and use the Surname and Arms of Hadfley, pur- Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the suant to the Will of Robert Hadfley Esquire, deceased, oft

is committed, have Leave to fit and proceed upon the An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties said Bill Tomorrow Morning. on t,ie Exportation of Coals, and of several

Goods, and upon Policies of Assurance; for retaining.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the uP°n the Exportation of White Callicoes and Mullins, Commissioners ofthcCustoms in Scotland, attended at a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to to the House, pursuant to their Orders, . Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by Two former

’ An Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties Acts, upon Chocolate in Scotland, for Ten Years; from 1754 An Act for more effectually supplying the Export to 1764: And also. Trade of this Kingdom to , with such Coarse

An Account of the Quantities of Coffee imported. Printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or and fdV which the Duties of Excise have been paid in Manufacture of the Indies, or other Places be-S cot land; from 1753 to 1764. yond the of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be

And then he withdrew. worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the

And the Titles of the said Accounts wefe read. Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the bet.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the ter SuPP'y of the Export Trade thereof; and for dif-Table, to be pefufed by the Members of the House. continuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other liounties and Allowances in upon the Exporta-

Papers of this Session, tion of Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, (rom

thence tq the Isle of Man.

' An ingfoffed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon kft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for veil- Raw Silk imported, and for granting other Duties in ing the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Ex-

Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest: porUfioti ©t Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland; and as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ire-the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of land.

Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, An -Act to provide for the Adroinistration of the together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of Government, irt case the Crown should defeend to any the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or of the- Children of His Majesty, being under the Age upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependen- of Eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardiati-cies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and ship of their Persons.

improving the Trade to Africa; was read the Third An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session Time. of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

' The Amendment following was proposed to be made Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain call-to the Bill; viz. ed England, for On^ Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth

Vol. jq. $Q Day

426 150 Mait. . A. 1765.

Roy»1 Assent Day of March, One them (and Sevefi hundred and Sixty-to BUli. five; and for punishing Militia Men for neglecting their Duty.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in ,an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

?umshing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better ayment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man.

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottcfbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognalt, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to- Maxey Out-gang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southern and Daventry, to- the Town of

An Act for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town, of,

in the County of York.

An Act for the building a Bridge over the River Taj, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, Undivided inclosures, Commons and Waites, in ornear the Village or Haratet of Ma/borough, in the -Township of Kimberworth, and in the Parish of Rotherham, in the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Scalford, in the County of Lei, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Felmersham, in the County of Bedford.

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham, late the Estate of Henry . Earl of Carli(le, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances^ and other the Purposes in his Will mentioned.

An Act to enable John Lord Believe, Baron of Du-leek, in the Kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his Power, to raise certain Sums therein mentioned, out of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Portions of Younger Children.

An Act for vesting the Estate late of Peter Wyehe Esquire, at Goadby, alias Godeby Marwood, in the County of Leicester, in Trull to be conveyed to the Most Noble John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and for applying the Purchase. Money in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

North An ingrafted Bill to prevent the Inconveniences

Britain Bank arising from the present Method ofjftuing Notes and

Notci.

Bills, by the Batiks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Inconveniences arising from the pfefent Method of issuing Notes and Bills, by the Banks, Banking Companies* and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir Alexander Gilmour do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. rfugent do carry to the Lords the L*"* ingrafted Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enforce the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That the Journal of this floufe, from the Journal,. End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with a proper Index thereto, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Copies of the said Journal be printed, for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Directiou of Thomat Tyrwhitt Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented ter His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Four hundred Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt Esquire, Clerk of this- House, to^ wards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House,. from the End of the left Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session; witfi a proper Index thereto j and to allure His- Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be' prefertted to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable PKvy Council.

Ordered, That it be recommended to Mr. Speaker, General to find out some Person or Persons, properly qualified Index to for making a General Index to the printed Journals of Journalw this-House;'and that he acquaint this House, at the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, whether. he shall have found out any such Person or Persons.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and- Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bitt; Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Duties on Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Gum*

tain-, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An. Importatiow Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign manu- of Silk factured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, to ins* into Great Britain and the British Dominions; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act

made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk Works ;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An a«,

Act to continue Part of an Act, made in the Thirtieth relating to Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the H'ghway5' Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The

5 Geo. III. 15 0 Maii.427'

Westminster The Lords have screed to' the Bill, intituled, An Act Pavuig. enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effec-

tual, the several Acts passed in the Second, Third; and Fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and otherwise Regulating the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and other Parts

in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surrey Side of Jter Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts with respect to Squares; without any Amendment; And also,

Braithwell The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, and ' Waste Ground in the Parish of in the County of York-, without any Amendment s And also,

6yrefliam The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An lodofare. Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor or Manors and Parish of Syresham, otherwise in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

American An ingrossed Bill for more effectually securing and Trade* encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 25.1.5. To leave out " Fifth," and insert Tenth," instead thereof; and to leave out u July," arid insert " October," instead thereof.

Pr. 3c. 1. 8. After " shall," to insert " from and *c after the said Fifth Day of July?

'*7«5*

And the said Amendments were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved-, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the 32d Year of His late Majesty King George the Second; and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported, except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America-, for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealr ing Part of an Act made in the 43d Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastways j and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the CustOins in the said Dominions.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Supply Bill i -Aa ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sinking Sum t)f Money, out of the Sinking Fund; and for ap-1-uod, &c. plying certain Monies; therein mentioned, for the.Service of the Year ty6|; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerkship, and to give further Time fot making arid filing such Affidavits; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be; An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1765; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffiori of Parliament; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, & Reward for their Trouble 3 and fot allowing further.Time to such Persons aS have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Vol. 30.

» ‘ ' -

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the B.ill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.’

r Mr. Paterson, according to Order,' reported frorrt the improving Committee of the whole House, to whoto the Bill for the Revenue* of better Securing and further Improvement of the ReVe- Customs, Ua nues of Custotns, Excise, Inland and Salt Dtrties j and? for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Iste "or ’

Matti and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, upon the Payment of certain Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; ... and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in atthe Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendrttents werfcOncUread throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were agreed to; by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, repdrted from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sta*P altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions intoCorpo-rations or Companies; for imposing, in certain Cafes, additional Stamp Duties on Policies of Assurance; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the j Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Redemption redeeming a certain Part of the Joint Stock of Annui- of certain ties, established by an Act made in the Third Year of Annuities. His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Vidtu-alling, and Transport Bills, arid Ordnance Debentures, was Committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Ameftdments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order; reported frorri the judge. Committee f the whole House, to whom the Bill for salaries, increasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Money, directed, by an Act made in the :2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in for the Time being; and for applying Part of the said Fund in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exche-chequer in Scotland, for a certain Time previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they ha^L directed him to report to the House; and he read tii?

Repgrt-

428 Tc°- — \6° 176 5.

Report la tils Plaiff $ tod afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,'in at the Clerk’s Table: Where' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; -and/ upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grafted*

to the HouTe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings do carry the Bill to the-Lords? and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned tUl Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

u *Jovuy i6# Matt;

Anno 5* Georgii III1'1 Rejgis, 1765.

Supply B2I

Judge*

Salaries.

Pr AVERS.

AN ingrafted Bill forrncrealing the Fund for the Payment of the Sums of Money, directed, by an Act made in the 33d Year of the Iteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges.in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the justices of Ch, and the Great Sessions

for the Counties in iVales, for the Time being; and for applying Part of the said Fund in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, and of the Judges of the Court of Session and Exchequer in for a certain

Time previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for increasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Money, directed, by an Act made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, to be applied.in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at and the Justices of Chester, and the great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being; and for applying

certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time, previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Payment’s Mr. Jennings reported from the Committee, to whom N«nf. the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Jeremiah Rayment the Younger, Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of,

pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadjley Esquire, deceas-

... ed, was committed; That the Committee had examined

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Missy’s and Mr. Jetmings reported from the Committee, to whom Roy«r’» Not. tfyejngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry de Missy, and Gabriel Royer, was ' committed; ThaMheConimittechad examined the Alle-

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and i. that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill ' .- 2

An ingrafted Bill for redeeming Part of the Joint Supply Bill; Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Redemption Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several cer.tam Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance anuuies* Debentures; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for redeeming one Fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Tranlpdrt Bills, arid Ordnance Debentures.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better securing and further improving-Improvement of Customs, Excite, Inland and Salt Du- Revenues of ties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Customs, Isle of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, upon the Payment of certain Duties; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were fererally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 57. 1. 6. After " brought," to insert " from any " Part of Europe, or, from and after the ift Day of 1765,

*f shall be imported or brought from

" any Part of Africa, or Ame~

" rica."

Pr. 58. 1. 2. To leave out " Rum or."

1. 3. After " Genevato insert and that from and after the ift Day of December 1765, no Rum."

Pr. 62. 1. 25. After " imported," to insert " from any " Part of Europe, or, from and after " the ift Day of December 1765,

" shall be imported or brought from,

" any Part of Asia, Africa, or riea."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,.agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the 'fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Cystoms, Excise, inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said llland, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson dd carry the Bill to the:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr,

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woollen for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Cloth Ma-Woollen Cloth in the County of York-, and also so much nufacture. of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standard^ of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County; for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and sots preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market;-without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An

5 Geo. III.

Supply ®'P» An ingrossed Bill for altering the Stamp Duties upon SumpDouei. Admissions into Corporations or Companies; for impof-ing, in certain Cafes, additional Stamp Duties on Policies of Assurance; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 21. To leave out " the said Fifth Day of " July," and insert " the passing of " this Act," instead thereof.

Pr. 16. 1. 12. After " such," to infers" Clerks," and after " Apprentices" to insert " and Servants."

I. 37. After " Clerks," to insert " or."

1. 38. To leave out " or Servants."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa'fs: And that the Title be,

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admillions into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

His'; Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, ap-Appi. 1 pointed to inquire into the Management and Applica-of Mo- tion of all such Sums of Money, as have been collected, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament for repairing any particular Highway; and to report the Matters, as they should appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had considered the Petition of many Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, use-ing the Western Road, from and to Bath, through

Bridgewater, Taunton, and Exeter, to Plymouth, and other Parts of the West of England, to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the ' Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vix.

Your Committee being of Opinion that it would be most satisfactory to the House, to give them feme Information of what had been done, in pursuance of the Repo rt which was made to the House in the last Session of Parliament, and the Resolutions thereupon;

In the First Place proceeded to inquire into the State of Kensington Trust; and thereupon ordered the proper

Officers to attend, with their Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements for the Year 1764, which were produced to your Committee (Abstracts whereof are in the Schedule hereunto annexed); and it appeared, upon the Evidence of Mr. Boyd, one of the Surveyors, that 3,500 Load of Gravel has been laid last Year on that Part of the Road from the End of Clarges Street, Piccadilly, to bridge, which is only I of a Mile, the expence of which has amounted to £.978 although at the same Time, the Witness laid, that nothing extraordinary had happened to occasion it; but that it was owing to the low and flat Situation of the Road, and the continual Wear of it by Numbers of Carriages, which go into Hyde Park and Tyburn La#*; — and the Witness likewise delivered it as his Opinion, that it would amount to the same Sum annually to keep that Part of the Road in Repair. — Your Committee cannot help making an Observation on the foregoing Evidence; that either there appears great Mismanagement in expending so large a Quantity of Ballast upon so small a Distance of Road; or that the said Road should have been done with other Materials, which would occasion a less annual Expence; wherein they are confirmed by the Opinion of Mr. John Philips, the Treasurer, and Mr. Scott, one of the Trustees, who severally said, that the Road might be kept in Repair at less Expence by 50 per Cent, and should advise that Part Voi. 30.

429

of it, from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, to be pav- Highway.*; ed, under the Management and Direction of the Com- Application missioners for Paving the Streets of Westminster, who 0 oney' could perform it in a much better and cheaper Manner than the Trustees of the Turnpike can polftbly do. —

Your Committee beg Leave to take Notice, that, as this Part of the Examination proceeded upon the Opinion which Mr. Philips delivered last Year to the Committee, it was accordingly read to him, and is as follows.- —

That a considerable annual Sum should be taken from " the Trust, to prevent the amazing Quantity of Mat- ter, which, he apprehended would, by the present " Trustees, be continually putting on and taking off the " said Road, whilst they are in Possession of lb large an " Income." Mr. Philips hereupon confirmed the above, except that he meant, instead of the present Trustees, the present Surveyors.

Your Committee then proceeded to inquire what Quantity of Gravel had been laid upon the Road by each Surveyor. — And it appeared, that there had been in Mr.

Boyd's Department, 7,027 Loads.-In Mr. Monk's 4,418*

In all 11,445 Lo®ds, which, your Committee apprehend, is owing to some of it not lying above a Month before it is taken off, and others not above Two or Three Months — which was according to Mr. Boyd’s own Declaration, and corrobates Mr. Philip’s Opinion delivered last Year, and mentioned above. — Upon inquiring what Persons supplied the said Trustees with Gravel, it appears to have been chiefly furniflred by Mr. Scott, an acting Trustee. — Whereupon the Committee ordered the Resolution of the House of last Year to be read, which mentions, — " That no Persons for the future shall act " as Trustees, for any Turnpike Road, who are employ- ed or interested in Works carried on by the said Trust."

And Mr. Scott being present — declared, that he did not know there had been such a Resolution of Parliament;

— and your Committee think it Justice to observe, that the Surveyor mentioned, in his Examination, that Ballast could not be got so conveniently of any one else. —

Mr. Boyd was then asked, in what Manner the Smith’s Work belonging to the said Trust was performed. —

Who said it was done by the Pound Weight; and that the ioweft Price was 6 d.except for setting Grates, which was at j\d. f per Pound. And upon Inquiry who performed the Carpenter’s Work, — he replied, Mr.

who appears to be Partner with Mr. Timbrel, an acting Commissioner. — Mr. Philips being again tailed, desired he might represent to the Committee, as Treasurer, that the Trustees never keep any Money in the Treasurer’s Hands; but at their annual Audit, when they find a Surplus in the Hands of their Banker, they pay off Part of their Debt; and have this Year discharged £.400 so that there only remains £.1,000 Debt, on a Revenue of £.4,737. And as so small a Sum might soon be reduced from the Savings upon so large an Income, your Committee beg Leave to represent, that a considerable Sum might be well applied to the Benefit and Advantage of those who pay the said Toll; and in order to find out how far Part of it might contribute to new-paving and keeping in Repair the Town of Kensington, which has constantiy been in a very bad Condition, and very inconvenient to Passengers, owing to the great Expence which would fall on the Inhabitants of the Great Street, if they were to put the same into proper Order, — Your Committee inquired, whether any Part thereof was under the Power of the Kensington Trust; but find, that the Town is not included in the present Act, but that each End only is paved by the Trustees.

The next Inquiry of your Committee, was upon a Petition referred to them, relating to the Somerset Road; upon which your Committee ordered the Acts of the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the ift Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath, to be read; and examined Thomas Butler, who said he knew the Road from Bath to Wells, in the County of Smerfet; which is very 5 R bad,

16° Mail.

4^0 16° 1765.

Highways; bad, and intirely negleffed to be kept in Repair. — This by the proper Officers. — Abstracts whereof are in the

Monies'* was likewise confirmed by Mr. Dowdy, and a Member Schedule hereunto annexed.

o omes. present. ancj as appeared to your Committee, chat the Upon which your Committee came to the following Trustees were impowered to raise the Sum of £.3,000 to Resolutions:

amend the same; the Clerk to the said Trustees was or- , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

dered to attend, to give an Account of what had been That there has been great Mismanagement of the Public done in pursuance of the said Acts. — Who being exa- Money, in the Repair of that Part of the mined, said, thatenly £.3,000 had been borrowed, £.800 Road, leading from C/arges Street to Knightsbridge. of which had been paid off. — That he has heard some Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Part of that Road had been out of Repair, which was That some Alteration ought to be made in the Execution now repairing and Giles Jones Esquire, one of the of the said Trust.

Trustees of the said Turnpikes, informed your Commit- Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, tee, that he would represent the State thereof to the That it would be of Public Utility, and a Saving to the rest of the Commissioners, who would put the Road in- Trust, if that Part of the Road from Clarges Street to to effectual Repair, as soon as possible; and therefore Hyde Park Corner, was put under the Management of your Committee beg to observe, that they imagine the the Commissioners for Paving the Streets of -

Directions of the said Acts will be properly put in Exe- fter; and a proper Sum allowed out of the Trust,. for cution, without any farther Animadversion. paving and repairing the fame.

Your Committee having thus gone through every Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Part that was referred to their Cousideration, and having That it would be of great Conveniency to all Persons tra-ordered the Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements of veiling through in case Part of the Trust Mo-

the feveraT Turnpikes of Mary-Le-Bone, Islington, - ney was appropriated towards paving and cleansing the rey New Roads, New Cross, and Stamford Hill, for the fame, and a proper Proportion allowed by the respect

Year 1764, to be laid before them j they were produced tive Inhabitants for the said Purpose.

ro\%

w

r 3. 5

cr *2 P o 5-

o ^r c

-i

S -

2-S'

rf

S=c*

kO

its1 5"

9

o Cl

n ’ S-CQ 5‘ D O

n> _ X o

tr

o

p*

D

CL

3

n J x 5- 3

Z

irl a 3 _ O 33

o o

-> 3

~ Q>

5" p

of5

II

D

eg"

i — h

n‘

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

eg

FT

r

►*0

5

3#

5*

U9

tn

SCHEDULE, being an Abstract of the Accounts referred to in the Report. O

RECEIPTS. - ’I Disbursements*

Names of Turnpikes. . Every Day (Sundays excepted.) Sunday* Compositions &c. To a!.

£ *, £. . £. s. d. £ r. d. £

( Old Road Mary-le-Bone - < (New Road 1,083 15 8} 669 16 3 110 11 3^ 98 19 4) 308 14 — 2,271 16 6f 2,595 1 10

(Old Road Ilhngton - - - J (New Road 3,076 5 2 742 12 — - 426 7 . 3) 142 19 3) 200 3 6 4,588 7 2 4>767 29 5

Kensington ----- 3,464 12 — 454 J9 a 326 4,a45 5 6 4, 1 —

New Crols ----- - - - - 2,439 -L975 9 3

Surrey New Roads - - - m m - - - - 1,460 10 2 1,749 14 8 Let on Lease.

Stamford-Hill - - - - 83 1 — 2,145 4 6 4>025 *3 9 Besides the Receipts of this Turnpike, there has been

- # ’ . , - . £ 1,500 borrowed during the course of the last Year.

N. B. In the Account of Disbursements, is included the Interest paid for Money borrowed, and Principal paid off*, if any.

ON

4*

v*>

43*

21° —

Maii.

A. 1765.

fteeulatug

Broker*.

Martisy 21® die \

Anno 5* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1765. Praters.

MR. Mawbey reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to restrain the ill Practice of Brokers, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Account; Wrought Silk, «c.

Expence of Printing ihe Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present S;ffion, with a proper Index thereto; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for redeeming One Fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Redemption Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third ce"V" Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of feve- nnu, ue*’ ral Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act American for more effectually lecuring and encouraging the Trade Trade, of His Majesty’s American Dominions j for repealing

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Wrought Silks im- the In, and Duty on Coffee> imposed by an Act, made ported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1764 to >n the Thirty-lccond Year of his late Majesty King the <th of April 1765; distinguishing from what Coun- George the Second, and for granting an Inland Duty on

all Coffee imported, except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America; for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repeal-

Higkways; Application of Money.

ing Part of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastways; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for increasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Judge, Sabr

tries.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Management and Applica- Money, directed, by an Act made in the Thirty-second tion of all such Sums of Money, as have been collected, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries Parliament for repairing any particular Highway; and of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the to report the Matters, as they should appear to them. Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, the Coif in the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster, and from Time to Time, to the House. the justices of Chester and the Great Sessions for the

And the Resolutions of the Committee, being severally Counties in Wales, for the Time being; and for ap-read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally ptying certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of put thereupon, agreed to by the House. the said Judges and Justices, and of the Judges in the

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Courts o( Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a cer-Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed: and tain T,me> previous to the Commencement of the

net.

Discovery the Longitude.

that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That the Original Computations made by Mr. Raper, Mr. How, and Mr. Morris, upon the Trial

Augmentations established by the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply BiB; for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Stamp Corporations or Companies; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain;

Duties.

which Mr. John Harrison’s Time-keeper underwent, in without any Amendment: And also, his Voyage to Jamaica, which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of March last, be returned to the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mereuriiy 2 2# die Maii \

Anno 5* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1765.

journal*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply B31; for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money Sinking out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain Monies, un therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament } for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a Reward for their Trouble: and for allowing further Time to such Persons, as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment:

And all'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exportation to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy of Wheat. Council, 10 prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next reccl's of Parliament, at such Time, and in such

Praters.

LORD Charles Spencer reported to the House, that

their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty xManner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Four He, in His Wisdom, shall think convenient and need-hundred Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt ful; without any Amendment: And also,

Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation 6 to ®fCorn>

Latfs

relating to the Militia*

African

Company*

KortV Britain } tank Note'*

Jnfoivent

Debtor*.

Improving

Revenues

of

Culioms,

kc.

Accountt;

Wrough

Silks.

Allom.

Sugar;

Allom.

Sr. Permans Writ.

Roxburgh

Writ.

5 Geo. III. 22° — 23* — 240 Matt. 433

to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported; and also the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enforce the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Fart of Great Britain called England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to veil as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of , lying between the

Fort of Sallee and Cape Refuge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Fffefts, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty j and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniences arising from the present Method of ifl'uing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

Th© Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Belief of Insolvent Debtors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Restrictions and Regulations; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdraw.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended a* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of th# Quantities of Wrought Silks im-orted since Christmos last; distinguishing from what Countries: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Allom exported, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and to what Places exported: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Bounty on the Exportation of British Refined Sugars, for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Allom imported into and exported from Scotland, from the Year 1750 to the Year 1764; distinguishing to and from what Places respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Thfe said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Philip Stanhope, Esquire, who, since his Klection for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty s Manor of OldShoreham, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Vol. 30.

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of Walter Scott, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Receiver and Cashier of the Excise in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his- Warrant to Selkirk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnu the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of the Right honourable Gilbert Elliot, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenkam, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Poole, in the County of Dorset, in the room of 'joseph Gulfton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned tillTo-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 23" die Matty Anno 5* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

H E House met.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Adjournmnit. That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for Ik

Teller, for the Noes, |^r } *’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmerts, 240 die Maii; Anno 50 Georgii III'" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Townshend, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office, of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Renfrew, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this -present Parli^jnent for the District of Burghs of Renfrew, Ru-therglen, Glasgow, and Dumbarton, in the room of the

Right honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Seal of Scotland.

5 S Ordered,

434

240 — 25 "Mail. ^.1765.

Devize* Ordered', That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wr,t’ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizein the County of Wilts, in the room of William Willy, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Time may require, and He, in His Wisdom, shall think E-0>l1 Atr^n. convenient and needful.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported \ and also the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wiieat and Wheat Flour.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of foreign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain ami the British Dominions}

Royal Assent to

Bills.

Sabbatic 2$o die Mali \

Anno 5* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1765. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Septimus Robinson, Gentleman Ulher erf the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accord ngly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thauland Seven hundred and Sixty-five; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a Reward for their Trouble; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

An Act for redeeming One Fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admis-fions into Corporations or Companies; and for further 'securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Hie of Man, and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Hland, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain; and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

An Act for increasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Money directed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King’s Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester and the

Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, for the Time being; and for applying certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, and erf the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act.

An Act to enable His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess erf Parliament, ait such Time, and in such Manner, as the -Necessity of the 20

and for rendering more effectual an Act piflrd in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " Silk Works."

An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported, except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America -, for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions.

An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

An Act for repealing the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to velt as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa.

An Act few: the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

An Act to prevent the Inconveniences arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An Act to continue Part of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts passed in the Second, Third, and Fourth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise regulating the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to- the Surrey Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts with respect to Squares.

An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture erf Woollen Cloth in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth TWle within the V\ eft Riding of the said County; for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the foreign Market.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields,

5 Geo. III. 25 °Maii. — 1i° Juki. — 170 Sept. — 24* OB. 435

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor or Manors and Parish of , otherwise

Sifeham, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields and Waste Ground, in the Parish of Brail hvacll, in the County of York.

An Act to enable Jeremiah the younger,

Esquire, and his Issue, to take and uie the Surname and Arms of Hadfley, pursuant to the Will of Robert,

Esquire, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing Henry de Mijfy and Gabriel Le Royer.

After which His Majesty was pleased to make a most: Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Dispatch which you have given, with lb much peec Zeal and Wisdom, to the Public Business, enables Me now to put a Period to this Session of Parliament.

No Alteration in the State of Foreign Affairs has happened, since your Meeting, to disturb the General Peace; and it is with Pleasure that I inform you, that the present Dispositions of the several Powers of Europe promise the Continuance of this BielTing.

I have seen, with the moll perfect Approbation, that you have employed this Season of Tranquillity in promoting those Objects which I had recommended to your Attention; and in framing such Regulations, as may belt enforce the just Authority of the Legislature, and at the same Time secure and extend the Commerce, and unite the Interests of every Part of My Dominions.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Cheerfulness and Prudence which you have shewn, in providing for the necessary Expences of the

?resent Year, deserve My particular Acknowledgments.

'he many Bills which you have formed for the Improvement and Augmentation of the Revenue in its several Branches, and the early Care which you have taken to discharge a Part of the National Debt, are the most effectual Methods to establish the Public Credit upon the surest Foundations, and to alleviate by Degrees the Burthens of My People.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Provisions which have been made for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should deicend to any of My Children under the Age of Eighteen Years, whilst they add Strength and Security to Our present Establishment, give Me the kindest and most convincing Proof of your Confidence. The Sense which I have of the important Trust reposed in Me, and My Desire to repay this Mark of your Affection, by discharging My Part, agreeably to your Intentions, in the Manner most beneficial to My People, have concurred to make Me execute without Delay the Powers with which you have intrusted Me. This is already done; and you may be allured, that, as far as it depends upon Me, those (alutary Provisions shall never be ineffectual. It is My ardent With, and shall be My constant Endeavour, on this and every other Occasion, to perpetuate the Happiness of My Subjects, and to transmit to Pof-terity the Blessings of Our Invaluable Constitution.

After which the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said:

Parliament My Lords and Gentlemen,

prorogued. jt js pjjs Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to the nth Day of

July next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the nth Day of July next.

Jovis, li° Julti\

Anno 5* Georgii IIP1’ Regis, 1765.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. -Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 17 th Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 17th Day of September next.

Martisy 170 dieSeptembris;

Anno 5° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation, and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Saturday the 44th Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Saturday the 24th Day of October next.

Sabbatiy 24* dOEiobris; Anno 5* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1765.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation, and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. , Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk and Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 17th Day of December next.; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 17th Day of December next.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament fur: her prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

VOL. JO.

Meflaee to attend the Peers.

Members lake Oaths.

Clam left ine Outlawries.

Xing's Sptech reported.

[ 437 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1765 — 6.

Mortis^ 170 die Decetnbris;

Anno 6* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1765.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir

Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more efle6hial preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most- gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The present general State of Tranquillity in Europe gave Me Hopes, that it would not have been necessary to assemble my Parliament sooner than is usual in Times of Peace.

But, as Matters of Importance have lately occurred in some of My Colonies in Am, which will demand

the most serious Attention of Parliament; and as further Informations are daily expected from different Parts of that Country, of which Ishall order the fullest Accounts Vo*. 30.

to be prepared for your Confederation; I have thought fit to call you now together, in order that Opportunity may thereby be given to issue the necessary Writs on the many Vacancies that have happened in the House of Commons, since the last Session; so that the Parliament may be full, to proceed, immediately after the usual Recess, on the Consideration of such weighty Matters as will then come before you,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Addrds posed. That an humble Address be presented to His . on the Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this Ku>s' Spteth-House for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To assure His Majesty, that tve will not fail, when this House shall be supplied with its Members, to apply ourselves with the utmost Diligence and Attention to those important Occurrences in , which HU

Majesty recommends to our Consideration; and to exert our most zealous Endeavours for the Honour of His Majesty’s Government, and the true Interest of HU People, in all Parts of his extended Empire.

To congratulate His Majesty on the late Increase of His Royal Family, by the Birth of a Prince. His Majesty’s Happiness and that of His People are one; and every Increase of His Majesty’s illustrious Family is considered by His faithful Commons as a further Security to that Religion, and those Liberties w*e enjoy under His Majesty’s most auspicious Government.

To offer to His Majesty our sincere Condolence on the great Loss which His Majesty and this Kingdom have sustained by the Death of his late Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland;whose private and public

Virtues, w'hose Duty and Affection to His Majesty, and whose distinguished Merits, and Services to this Country, as they made his Person dear to this Nation while he lived, so they cannot fail to render his Memory sacred to the Iateft Posterity.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Words " extended Empire," these Words, " to express our just Resentment and Indignation at the outrageous Tumults and Inl’ur-reftions which have been excited and carried on in North America, and at the Resistance given, by open

and rebellious Force, to the Execution of the Laws in that Part of His Majesty’s Dominions; to assure His

5 Majesty

438 170 Decetnbfis. A. 1765.

Majesty that His faithful Commons, animated with the warmest Duty and Attachment to His Royal Person and Government, and to the Constitution of these Kingdoms, will firmly and effectually support His Majesty in all such Meafares as lhaTl b’e necelfafcy for prelefviivg find securing thf legal Dependence of the Colonies ujarbn this their Mother Country; for enforcing their attc Obedience id the Laws; fdf mainttfllffiigThe Dignity <5f the Crown, and asserting the indubitable and fundamental Rights of the Legislature of Great.

And the said proposed Amendment was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question, as first proposed, being put;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Ad-drefsbe presented to-His Majesty, to return His Majesty the thanks of this House for His mbit gracious Speech from the Throne.

To assure His Majesty, that we will not fail, when this House shall be supplied with its Members, to apply our-selves with the utmost Diligence and attention to those important Occurrences in America which His Majesty recommends to our Consideration, and to exert our most zealous Endeavours for the Honour of His Majesty’s Government, and the true Interest of His People, in all Parts of His extended Empire.

To congratulate His Majesty on the late Increase of His Royal Family, by the Birth of a Prince. I Iis Majesty’s Happiness and that of His People are one; and every Increase of His Majesty’s illustrious Family is considered by His faithful Commons, as a further Security to that Religion, and those Liberties we enjoy under His Majesty’s most auspicious Government.

To offer to His Majesty our sincere Condolence on the

f' jreat Loss, which iHis Majesty and this Kingdom have iiftained by the Death of his late Royal 1 lighness the Duke of Cumberland; wjiofe private and public Virtues, whose Duty and Affection to His Majesty, and whose distinguished Merits, and Services to this Country, as they made his Person dear to this Nation while he lived, so they cannot fail to render his Memory sacred to the latest rofterity.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord George Car vendish, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Elliot, General Howard, Lord George Sackville, Lord Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr Sir Mr.

Wedderbum, Mr. George Onslow, Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Dyson, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fuller; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both l loufes of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Rochester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the room of isaac Townshend, Esquire, deceased.

Hedon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of , in the room of Sir Charles , Knight of the Moll

honourable Order of the w'ho, since his Election

for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

NewWindfor Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for th6 electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o Windsor, in the County of

Berks, in the room of the Honourable Augustus Krpjwll, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mi4. Speaker do iiffeie his Warrant to East Looe the Clerk of the Crotv n, to make oht a neW Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Buller, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Officfi of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Plymouth the Clerk of the Cfown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the cleft in g of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable William Ix>rd Vifcpunt Barrington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for s*1°re^tn the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- nt‘ ment for the Borough of Nao Shoreham, in the County of Suffer, in the room of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Midleton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Liverpool the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancdflef, in the room of Sir William Baronet,

w'ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral Of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Great the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Charles Townshend, Esquire,

W ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Worceflet the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Vint. the electing of a Knight of the Shire to forve in ,this present Parliament for the County of Worcester, in the room of the Right honourable William Dowdcfivell, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Chancellor and Under Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to KnareiWoujh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable John -vendish, commonly called Lord John w'ho,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflbe his Warrant to Derby the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of

a in

Aldboroagh

Writ.

Surrey

Writ.

Whitchurch

Writ.

Harwich

Writ.

Clifton

Dartmouth

Hardness

Writ.

Edinburgh

Writ.

Stamford

Writ.

Tamworth

Writ.

6 Geo. III. 170 Decem. 439

in the room of William Fitzherbert, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ain the County of York, in the room of Andreio , Esquire,

who, since his EJcftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Keeper of the Ordnance, Munition, and Stores, belonging to His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for -the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of George Onjloio, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Thomas Townshend, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harzvich, in the County of Tflex, in the room of John Roberts, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of Sir Alexander Gilmour, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of one of the Clerks Comptrollers of His Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of George Bridges Ef-

quire, who, finoe his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Clerks Comptrollers of His Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant in the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in die Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of the Right honourable George Buffy Villiers, commonly called

Vol. 30.

Lord Viscount Villiers, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Cham-lain of Elis Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Alexander Hume, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Ejection for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of divers Annual Bounties and Pensions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Galway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Matter of His Majesty’s Stag Hounds.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve ip this present Parliament for the Town of Cardiff', in the County of Glamorgan, in the room of HerbMackworth, Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the clefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Seymour Comoay, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorehefter, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Thomas Forfier, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Digby, Baron Digby, of Sherbourn, in the County of Dorset, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Thomas Lee Dummer, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, in the room of James Wiglcy, Esquire,

deceased.

Ordered,

Southwark

Writ.

Seaford

Writ.

Pontefract

Writ.

Cardiff

Writ.

Thetford

Writ.

Dorehefter

Writ.

Wells

Writ.

Newport

Writ.

Leicester

Writ.

440

17" — 18° Decembris. A. 1765.

Leicester

Writ.

Winchester

Writ.

Berwick-

upon-Tweed

Writ.

Ryegate

Writ.

Higham

Ferrers

Writ.

£uflex

Writ.

Monmouth

Writ.

Thirik

Writ.

Anstruther,

Set.

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to fertf6 in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of Sir Thomas Palmer, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Harry Powlctt, commonly called Lord Harry

lett, now Duke of Bolton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Benoick-upon-Tioeed, in the room of Thomas Watfm, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Byega/e, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the Honourable Charles Yorke, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Honourable John Yorke, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suffer, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, in the room of Cupel Hanbury, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

York, in the room of the Honourable Henry Grenville, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of owe of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs.

A Motion being made. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of

Anjlruther Rafter, Anjlruther Wester, Kilrennie, Crail, and Pittemceem, in the room of Sir Harry Baronet, deceased;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the last Importation Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for importa- _of tion of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from rovl °aw Ireland, for a limited Time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to . continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of fidted Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time:

And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Coventry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii\ 18° die Decembris;

Anno 6° Georgii III*" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Tunbridge men, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Sussex and Kent; and of the several Persons usually

travelling the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, and other Places in the County of Kent, to Uckfield, Lezves, Brighlhelmftone, and other Places on the South Downs, in the County of Sussex; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, by Langtington-Green, and Groombridge, in Kent, Leigh Green, and Frayerfgate, in the Parish of Withy ham, in Suffer, by Kingsstanding, and Duddleswell, in the Parish of to the Cross-ways near Maresfield-street, is impassable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter Season, and very dangerous for Persons travelling in Carriages, or on Horieback, at all Times; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by Law, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sackville, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Lozondes, Mr.

Sir George Pigot, Mr. Harris, Mr. BoJ'cazoen, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Brand, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pltimer, Lord Winterton, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gore, Sir Joseph Mazo-bey, Mr. Wilbnghby, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Sir

George Rodney, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Methuen, Mr.

Shiffiier, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Paterson, Lord Orwell,

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Dyj'on, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. OJioald, Mr. Onslow, General Howard,

Mr. Jennings; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o iKent, Sussex, and Suirey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Modyford Heyzcood, Esquire, Plymouth was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, kock That His Majesty’s Dock of Plymouth, in the County *er of Devon, and the Town contiguous thereto, are very populous; but the Officers and Artificers emploj'ed in His Majesty’s Service, and other Inhabitants thereof, labour under very great inconveniences, through the Want of a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water; and that the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of WaUthamplon, in the said County, and is Owner of other Lands adjoining to the said Manor, which are contiguous to the River Stour, otherwise Walkham, in the said County; and that the Petitioner

v^i oogie

Wenfcvtr

Writ,

A<Ure& oq the King's Speed).

6 Geo. III,

18° Decembris.

441

by reason of the Situation of his laid Estatei, and the Contiguity thereof to the said River, and the Right the Petitioner hath to the said Water therein, can, as he conceives, at a reasonable Expence to the Inhabitants of the Places aforesaid, supply them with a sufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Heirs, to supply the Places aforesaid with good and wholesome Water; and for giving the Petitioner such Powers, for effecting the said Undertaking, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o in the county of -Buckingham, in the room of Fernei/ Lovett, Esquire, who, since his Election for the fair! Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Eq/l Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Loud George Cavendish reported from the Committee

appointed Yesterday to draw' up an Address to he preferred to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s moll; dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, Wg Leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne: And to allure Your Majesty, that, we will not fail, when this House shall he supplied with its Members, to apply ourselves with the utmost Diligence and Attention to those important Occurrences in America, which Your Majesty recommends to our Consideration; and to exert our most zealous Endeavours for the Honour of Your Majesty’s Government, and the true Interest of Your People, in all Parts of Your extended Empire.

Permit us, at the same Time, to congratulate Your Majesty on the late Increase of Your Royal Family, by the Birth of a Prince. Your Majesty’s Happiness and that of Your People are one; and every Increase of Your Majesty’s illustrious Family is considered by Your faith-fill Commons, as a further Security to that Religion, and those Liberties we enjoy under Your Majesty’s most feufpicious Government.

We also beg Leave to offer to Your Majesty our fin-cere Condolence on the great Loss, which Your Majesty and this Kingdom have sustained by the Death of his late Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland-, whose private and public Virtues, whose Duty and Affection to Your Majesty, and whose distinguished Merits, and Services to this Country, as they made his Person dear to this Nation while he lived, so they cannot fail to render his Memory sacred to the latest Posterity.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

ttefolved. That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Resolved, Nemineco7itradicentc, That aMeffage be sent Vol. 30.

to the Queen, from this House, to congratulate Her Ad Majesty on Her safe and happy Delively, and on the 10 Birth of another Prince; and to assure Her Majesty Delivery, of the zealous and dutiful Attachment of this House; and of the sincere Part they take in an Event, which so nearly interests Her domestic Happiness, and gives a fresh Security to the many Blefiings entailed On this Country, by the Protestant Succession, in His Majesty’s illustrious Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinfim, the Lord Winterton, the Lord North, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Jennings, the Lord Garlies, Mr. S'hiffher, Mr. Methuen, Sir George

Savile, Sir Joseph Mawbey, General John Bojcatcen, and Sir John GLynne, do attend Her Majesty with the said Message.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- American posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Motionfot Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give Papers* Orders, that the proper Officers do lay before this House, Copies of all Letters and Papers sent to the Governors of the several Provinces of North America, relative to the Execution of the Stamp Duty laid, by Act of Parliament, on His Majesty’s Subjects in Ame* rica; and likewise Copies of all Letters, Orders, and Instructions, from His Majesty’s Privy Council, His Majesty’s Secretaries -of State, Board of Treasury, and Office for Trade and Plantations, to the Governors of His Majesty’s Provinces in North America, Lieutenant Governors, Presidents of the Council, or any other Officers, Civil or Military, relative to the enforcing the Law, and preventing or quelling riotous and tumultuous Disorders; and likewise Copies of all letters and Papers, from the said Governors, Lieutenant Governors, Presidents of the Council, or any other Officer,

Civil or Military, relative to the fame;

The House was moved, that His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put, That the Question proposed for the said Address be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller for the . } 35-

Tellers for the Noes, f^urrM,) Jo.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Bamardifton, Master Dr. Bamar-of Benet College, Cambridge, be desired to preach before diston this House, at Saint Margaret's WeJtmupon Thurs- t°r^*ch °" day the 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. - ,'*n' *0,

mas Townshend, Mr. Jennings, and Sir John Glynne, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kaarrfboroqgw the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy,

Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty’s Coun-fel learned in the Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to PertV the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for *f*

the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present wriV.

Parliament for the District of Burghs of Perth, Dundee,

St. Andrews, Forfar, and Coupar, in the room of Dempster, Esquire, who, since his Election for the fmd District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Secre-taiy to the Molt Ancient and Most Noble Order «f the Tliiftle.

5 U

18°. Decembris,

Eot Lnoe Wfu.

Importation of faired Provisions.

AnftrtitKer,

&c.

Writ.

Sir Jqfeph Maicbey presented to the House,'according to' Order, a l^il! to continue Tan Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An. Act.Tor Importation of Salted-BeCf, Porte, BaediY,* -and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the FirstTiine.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read|

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended, with the lad Return of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Anjlruther'^loverl'e^l^Gjibyrt^v^J^ai yGihbert*,

Easter, Anflruther Wcfler, Kilrennic, Crail, and Pitten-Core, Mr. Cry#* fcvtflin.G

tveem.. ' ..... Mr. Grosven Mr. Hinder, Mr. Mr.

And the said Return was read. /cy, Mr. Mr.

/ . 9 . ,4 - ». > t* 7

Lord Ca?ysfort9'T^tird\ Glyrgr-@avv/tdi/f.\'Sir Cave, Lord: Frederick'Cmky'dj ;ATf. Ci'fl.

ventry, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Ch Mr. Cwierfi'ffir. Curzon, Sir George Colebrooke,'Jflmes'Dafliwood,

Lord Downe, Mr. Dyson-, Sir Francis "Sir

Francis Drake, Mr.. Daddy -Mr» DukejMx^Dicndus,

Mr- Drax, Si\r Jidjyard Di’vi\jg?Jglm

E/well, Mr. Pgcrton, M v, Mr:. Finch, . Mr. ElUelierrA|’ri.s

Colonel Fjjzrqy^i,r< Fi/zmauru M Mf.

Fonnereau, \Sir AJgxaifder (IrSir John A Jr.

..i ith D^y of Junelaft*; . ' Mr.-Ayna/toi#AR; JMdvMrs

And the House being inforrhed, that M riChristopher-Sir tSifsfiW LndbmSe,

.Wafsattended at the Door, who could give Tome Ac- Major General Mr.rXxtfdellesi"Sir.

Count of the Proceedings at the said Election; he was Mr. Lynch, Sir James Loiethev,- MrnrLn-lhtr

Called in; and, being examined at the Bar, gave Evi- Mr. Long, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lul/rell, Mr. Lloyd, Sir deuce, that he was present at the last Election of a

Commissioner’to serve for the said District of Burghs; Sir William Mr,..-Motion,

that there was no other Candidate than1 Sir Harry Sir Lo’rd'

Erjkinei that all the Five Comrtiissioners for the said - Mr. Mr.

Burghs of Anjlruther Easter, Anjlruther Wester, Kil- Mr.. AItiles, Mr. ‘ 'Manfim, Me. Frederick

renme, Crail, and Pittemveem, gave their said Sir Hurry Erskine; and that there

tion made to tl»e Right of any of the 1 ..... . ..... __

sioners to give their Vote, nor any Kind of Oppofi- Mr. Onslow, Mr. Otflcy, Mr. Ojhddifyv, Lord Or* tion to the Election of the said Sir Harry Erskine.. well. Sir William Qzccv, Mr. Darker, M Air.

Then the Entry in the Journal of the House of the Powell, Mr. Sir George Pococ'k, Sir

25th Day of November, 1762, of the Proceedings of Mr. Armjlead Parker, M

the House, in relation to the same of the Right ho- John Pitt, Mr. Pratt, Mr.' 'Mr, PbipntjJ,

nourable George Grenville, who was returned as a Bur- Mr. Mr. Pringle, Mr. Page, Mr. "Ridley, Air.

gefs to serve in Parliament for the Borojugh and Parish Ryder, _ Mr. Rebozy, JSIr. RobinJpn,.Mr. ^\J.r. of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, was Mr. Mr. /freeft rSir Jairif^SmVh*.

read. . ‘Mr. AIiy’ SoliciC6f.fi/.-:

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ‘neral. Lord Mr. Sc king <Kfr.

the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for Mr. Lord Strange, Air.

the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs, of An-

flrulher Easter, A njlruther -Wester, Kilrennie, Crail, and

Pit'lenweem, in the room of Sir Harry Erskine, Baronet,

deceased.

Stuart,.Mr. Air.

Air. Scudamore, Mr. Sharpe, Mf. Stanhnpejiihz Keihys Tynte, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Tiidrfielj, All. field Air. Thomas Tozonjhcftd, Mr» Tracey, vahian, Mr. Thorpton, Mr. Towrjeud, M’r.

Touchet, Sii Turner, Sir Edward Turner, Lorr! Forney, Mr. Vane, Mr. Vaughan', Sir Vincent, Mi.

Vanfillart, Mr. White, Alr. Rfcj?, Mr Lord

Warkworth,’S\r Armine Wodehouse, Kir.

Whateley, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ward, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sir Georgf. JVarnen,"ML

Whitworth, Afr. Wilbraham', Mr. Wynne, Mr.' Walcott, Mr. Philip Carteret Sir Wynne, Sir George

YAnd they are to meet on Friday Seveiiplgljt, at Five of the Clock.in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Monday, and Friday, in the Afternoon; and all jvho come are to have Voices; apd they are to take intoCou5dera; Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do tion all suchAIatters as shall.orjnay Come iri.Qtief

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion Committees, do lit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every ThurJ'day in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee (Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-fPm,leSe- tions be appointed:

{ion, touching Returns, Elections, >and. Privileges^ and to proceed upon double^Rgtufns ill the Ejvft Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time: 19 v And

6 Geo. III. i8° Deceni443

And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it wif liin Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more :; Places, are to make their Flection by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Flection, or Matter of Priv ilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter'rsdn Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw tiil their Returns are determine^. ':

tlfual Orders. Refoked', That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right

to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve > :3 in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching any T-lcclion to be frivolous'and vexatious, the House 'will order Satisfaction to be 1’nade to the Person petitioned against.'

Refoked, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath* procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any cither corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity ugainst such Person.

- Refoked, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respeel of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour; and this House will proceed with the

Utmost Severity against such Offender.

Refulved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the uttnoft Severity against such Offender.

Refoked, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Refoked, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within aconvenient Time, to be appointed either by the I louse or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the fitting Members or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the fame, against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the fitting Members do, by themselves or by their -Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of tire House.

Voi.. 30.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chain- Ufut’.Ofdetj: ber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of tire House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, tube locked up by him; and that he do not presume to del.v-r the same to any Perfoil whatsoever, wit hout Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber, every Day, before tire Door is locked up.

Ordered, That lio Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered% -That the ConstableS, and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminsterdo take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the - Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon;

during the Session of-Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or other wise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the: Gllicers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care that there be no gaming, or other Difoi'ders, in minster-hall, or the Passagesleadingto the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be;no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts. ’ ' ' ' ' *'

Ordered, That the find Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster;and that lie'do ffie the fame

put in execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant, at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Amis attending this House do take into his Custody such Tootmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House - and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the.intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this Ilolife, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the least, immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven; at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock Up such Letters as shall remain undelivered j and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet directed to this House shall come to Mr. Speaker, be do open the fame;

444 i8° — 190 — 20° Decembris. 1765

lame, and acquaint the House at their next Sitting with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to 'time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that ail Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint, do presume to [Mint the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, 190 die Decembris;

Anno 6® Georgii III*" Regis, 1765.

Prayers.

Burmefter A Petition of Hieronymus Henry Burmefter, John ( il Wienholt, and Julius Conrad Bidder, was presented

to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Glynne, Mr. Grey, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Private Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Bilk. for private Bills, after the 15th Day of February next;

Time Lord George Cavendish reported to the House, tha* ppointed His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Addrekl"* ^r^er of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at One of the Clock, at His Palace of St. James.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Veneris, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 6® Georgii III*1* Regis, 1765. Prayers.

Answer to A/TR. Speaker reported to the House, that the House Addrefe. 1YJL attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Ad-

dress.

The Satisfaction you express in the Increase of My Family, and the atfe&ionate Share you take in the great Loss I have sustained by the Death of the Duke of Cumberland, are fresh Proofs of your Zeal and Loyalty.

Your Resolution at the same Time, to support the

Honour of My Government, and to provide for the'mm Interest of all My People, cannot but be moil acceptable to Me. My Conduct shall always iliew, that I consider their Interest as infeparuklc from My own.

Mr. Bobinfon acquainted the House, that the Gentlemen appointed to attend Her Majesty with the Congratulatory Message of this House, had attended Her Majesty accordingly; and that Her Majesty was pleased to lay;

Gentlemen,

This fresh Inllance of your Duty to the King, and Attention to Me, cannot but meet with.my most hearty Acknowledgments, and insure a Continuance of that Affection I bear to this Nation, whose Welfare and Prof-perity will be for ever the first Object of My willies.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflite his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ein the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Charles

Saekville, commonly called Earl of MidiUeJex now Duke of Dorset, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of llythe, in the County of Kent, in the room of the Right honourable George ville, commonly called Lord George who, since

his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Oflice of ViceTreal’urer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County in the

room of the Right honourable Montagu,

commonly called Lord Charles who,

ft nee his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Captain General and Governor in Chief of His Majesty’s Province of South Carolina.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gu in the County of Surrey, in the room of George Oii/loxo, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Out Ranger of His Majesty’s Forest of WindJ’or.

A Petition of Hugh Owen, Esquire, was presenterl to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, in the room of Sir John Philipps, Baronet, deceased, Sir Rickard,

Baronet, and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, but that John Francis Mey~ rick, Esquire, the High Sheriff, and his Deputies, or Persons by him appointed to take the Poll, admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir Richard Philipps who were not duly qualified, and refused many to poll for the Pts tioner who had an undoubted Right to vote; whereby, and by many other partial, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices of the said Sheriff, as also of the Agents of the said Sir Richard Philipps,a pretended Majority was pro-

cured in his Favour; and he has been accordingly returned to serve in Parliament for the said County, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Laws: And therefore praying the House to

-Oueeu*

Afltwcr to

Addrefi.

E aft Grinftrad Writ.

Hvthe

Writ.

Humfogdoa

Writ*

G'.ilriefnrd

Wnt.

Pembroke

Jiiedioo.

Burmeftft-(and r4hers) Nac.

Importation of faked Provisions.

Accounts;

Imt>orts

and

Exports.

Ditto.

() Geo. III. 10° DecembrisJanuarii. 445

take the Premises into Consideration; and to "rant the Petitioner such Relief therein as thall, upon Examination, appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Sir John Glynne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry Bur-

viejier, Joint Wienhol*, and Julius Conrad Bidder: And

the same was received; and read the First Time. liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from for a

limited Time, was read a Second Time.

Bejblved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 louse.

' BeJ'oleed, That this House will, upon the

15th Day, of January next, r^solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House w as moved, that the Entries in the Journal of the House, upon the 7th Day 1762,

of the Titles of t he several Accounts that Day presented to the House. from the Commissioners of the Customs, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as folio wet h; viz.

" An Account of the total Values of the Exports from " England, to -Spain, Portugal, Italy, and Straights, and w of the Imports from the same into England, from xe Christmas 1755 to Christmas 1760; distinguishingeach " Year and each Country, with the Exceedings of the " several Exports upon the Imports, or of the Imports " upon the Exports.

" An Account of all the Exports and Imports from and to England and Canada, with its Dependencies,

" including Cape Breton, and all the other Blands in the " Gnlph and River of Saint La since the Conquell thereof, respectively, by His Majesty’s Arms;

" distinguishing each Year.

An Account of the several Quantities and Species " of Goods imported into England from Martinico, from the Time it was taken, to the 10th October 1762.

" An Account of the Species of Goods exported from

England to Guadaloupe, including Marie Galante and Dejirade, in the West Indies, since the same have been

" respectively conquered by His Majesty’s Arms; distinguishing each Year.

" An Account of the Quantity and Species of Goods " imported into England from Guadaloupe, from the " Time of the Surrender thereof, to Christmas 1761;

distinguishing each Year; including Marie Galante " and Dejirade, in the West. Indies.

" An Account of the Amount of the Value of the " Imports into England from and of the Ex-

" ports from England to Africa, from Christmas 1750 " to Christmas 1754; distinguishing each Year.

" An Account of the Value of the Imports into " England from the North American Colonies, from " Christmas 1739 to Christmas 17G1; distinguishingeach " Year and each Colony.

" An Account oft he total Values of the Imports and " Exports, to and from England, and all Countries, except ITis Ma1 jesty’s Illes and Plantations, from mas 1748 tnChri/Tmas 1760; distinguishing each Year,

with a Medium of the first and of the last Six Years.

" An Account of the Value of the Exports from " England to the North American Colonies, from mas 1739 to Christmas 1761; distinguilliing each " Year and each Place."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Continuation of the said Accounts, from the End of the

Vol. 30.

said Accounts respectively, unto the present Time; or as near thereunto as the same cart be made out.

A Motion was made, and the Questlon being prO-posed. That thi, House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn to TueJ'day the Fourteenth Day of January next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Fourteenth," in order to insert the Word " Seventh" instead thereof And the Question being put, That the Word " Foutteenth" Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

5

77-

35-

(Sir Francis Vincent,

Tellers fi>rthe\c&s,|Mr

Tellers for the Xoes, j JJj;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of life House this Day, adjourn to TueJ'day the 14th Day of January next.

Adjournment.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon Committee Wednesday last, for the Committee of Privileges and . Elections to meet upon this Day Sevcnnight, at Five nv of the Clock in the Afternoon; and to fit every Monday, ' Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon; might he lead.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet upon Wednesday the 15th Day of January next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, and do fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon.

The House was also moved, that the Order, made Hetums to be upon Wednesdaylaft, that all Persons who will question

any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, 10 **’ and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return Hin.ll be brought in, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

liefolved, That notwithstanding the said Order, this House will receive any Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return, which shall be presented to this House before the 23d Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till TueJ’day the 14th Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Mar thy lef die Januarii'y

Anno 6* Georgii IIlt!‘ Regis, 17G6.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, Meflige

Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to *a

Mr. Speaker, thpiW

The King commands this Honourable I louse to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peets.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up ,to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took Member* the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, tnke o*ih». and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the I^iws made for those Purposes: And such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath bf Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

5 X Mr

t

44 6 14° yamarii. A. 1*766.

♦ spefch Mr. S|>eaker reported, , that the ttoilfe had attended *Pone ijis Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Miilakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House and is as followed; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

When I met you lait I acquainted you, that blatters of Importance had happened in America, which would demand the most lerious Attention of Parliament.

That no Information which could serve to direct your Deliberations in so intereding a Concern might be wanting, I have ordered all the Papers that give any Light into the Origin, the Progress, or the Tendency of the Didurbances which have of late prevailed in some of the Northern Colonies, to be immediately laid before you.

No Time has been loit, on the first Advice of these Didurbances, to issue Orders to the Governors of My Provinces, and to the Commanders of My Forces in America, for the Exertion of all the Powers of Government in the Suppredion of Riots and Tumults, and in the edectual Support of lawful Authority.

Whatever remains to be done on this Occassion I, commit to your Wisdom; not doubting but your Zeal for the Honour of My Crown, your Attention to the jull Rights and Authority of the British Legidature, and your Aflection and Concern for the Welfare and Prosperity of all My People, will guide you to such found and prudent Resolutions, as may tend at once to preserve those Conditutional Rights over the Colonies, and to redore to them that Harmony and Tranquillity, which have lately been interrupted by Riots and D;if-orders of the most dangerous Nature.

If any Alterations should b^wanting in the Commercial Economy of the Plantations, which may tend jto enlarge and secure the mutual and beneficial Intercourse of My Kingdoms and Colonies, they will deserve your most lerious Consideration. In effectuating Purposes so . Worthy of your Wisdom and public Spirit, you may deend upon my most hearty Concurrence and Support, he present happy Tranquillity, nowfubfiding in Europe, will enable you to pursue l'uch Objects of Our interior Policy with a more uninterrupted Attention.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Edimates for the enrrent Service of the Year to be laid before you. Such Supplies as you may grant shall be duly applied with the utmod Fidelity, and shall be dispensed with the drifted Economy. s

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I earnedly recommend to you to proceed in your Deliberations with Temper and Unanimity. The Time requires, and I doubt not but your own Inclination will lead you to those salutary Dispositions. I have nothing at Heart but the Assertion of legal Authority, the Pre-fervatiotij-Of the Liberties of all My Subjects, the Equity and good Order of my Government, and the Concord and Prosperity of all Parts of My Dominions.

Address A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-on the posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Maying s Speech. jesty; to return His Majesty our most humble Thatiks for His rood gracious Speech from the Throne;

To allure His Majesty, that it is with the highed Sense of His Majesty’s Goodness we acknowledge that Care for the Welfare of His People, and that Confidence in the Loyalty and Affection of His faithful Commons, which His Majesty thews in the early Communication, His Majesty has been pleased to order, of the necessary Informations relative to the Didurbances in America; that His Reliance on the Wisdom and Duty of His Parliament, in a Matter of so great Importance, and the Attention thewn by His Majesty, in referring to their Deliberation and Advice, the joint Concern of HisMa-

jedy’s Royal Authority, tlfe Rights of His Parliament, and the Happiness of Ilis Subjects, are at once Objects of our highed Admiration and Gratitude.

That.it is our Duty, as it dial 1 be our Care, to imitate that Temper and Equanimity, which appear in His Majesty’sConduc t, by mixing with ourZeal for the Honour of His Majesty's Government, and with our jud Regard for the Dignity and Authority of Parliament, the utmod Attention to the important Objects of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms and the tendered Concern for the united Intereds of all His People.

That it is with inexpredible Grief we are again called upon to condole with His Majesty, on the Death of another Prince of His Royal Family, whose amiable Disposition, and whose early Virtues in the first Dawn of Life, while they fiiew him worthy of the illustrious Race he sprang from, mult now double our Regret for his untimely iofs.

That the general State of Peace and Tranquillity, so happily reigning in all Parts of Europe, mud give the greated Satisfaction to every one who has any Concern for the true Intcred of his Country, or who feels for tha general Happiness of Mankind.

That our Assistance shall not be wanting to aid'll is Majesty with our Advice, and to drengthen His Authority, for the Continuation of that Harmony so happily preserved by the Wisdom of His Majesty's Councils and the Influence of His mild auspieious Government.

To allure His Majesty that we fliaJ!, with the.greated Cheerfulness, grant His Majesty the Supplies necessary for the current Service of the Year; having the firmed RelianceonthePromiseHis Majesty isgraciously pleased to make, of seeing them duly, applied, with that Economy, which His own Wisdom will.direct, and which the Circumstances of this Country To strongly demand.

That the Unanimity and Dispatch, which I lis Majesty is pleased to recommend, we shall, from Motives both of-Duty and Inclination, endeavour to make the Rule of our Proceedings; being sensible that nothing can more immediately tend to add Weight to the Deliberations of Parliament, or Efficacy to their Resolutions.

That, as the con dan t Tenor of His Majesty’s Conduct shews that the Happiness and Prosperity of His People are the foleObjects vfH is Concern, wefhould be equally wanting in Duty to our Sovereign, and Care for our own Honour, did we a Moment neglect our Part in promoting all inch wife and salutary Measures, as may tend to reflect Dignity on His Majesty’s Government, and fix the Welfare of His People on the most solid Foundations.

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took Members the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, uke Oaths* and.tqok and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those purposes.

Then the Question being again proposed, Thatan Address humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return °P ‘he His Majesty our most humble Thauks for His. most r-st l>eec,‘ gracious Speech from the Throne.

To assure His Majesty, that it is with the highed Sense of His Majesty’s Goodness vye acknowledge that Care for the Welfare of His People, and that Confidence in the Loyalty and Affection of Hi? faithful Commons, which His Majesty thews in the early Communication,

His Majesty has been pleased to order, of the necessary Informations relative to the Didurbances in that His Reliance on the Wisdom and Duty of His Parliament, in a Matter of so great Importance, and the Attention shewn by His Majesty, in referring to their Deliberation and Advice, the joint Concern of His Majesty’s Royal Authority, the Rights of His Parliament, and the Happiness of His Subjects, are at once Objects of our highed. Admiration.and Gratitude.

That

6 Geo. III.

14° Januarii.

That it is our Duty, as it shall be our Care, to imitate that Temper and Equanimity which appear in IKs Majesty’s Conduct, by mixing with our Zeal for the Honour of His Majesty’s Government, and with our just Regard for the Dignity and Authority of Parliament, the utmost Attention to tfte important Objects of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, and the tendered Concern for the united Interests of all His People.

That it is with inexpressible Grief we are again called upon to condole with His Majesty, on the Death of another Prince of His Royal Family, whole amiable Disposition, and whose early Virtues in the first Dawn of Life, while they shew him worthy of the illustrious Race he l'prang from, must now double our Regret for his untimely loss.

That the general State of Peace and Tranquillity, so happily reigning in all Parts of Europe, must give the greatest Satisfaction to every one, who has any Concern for the true Interest of his Country, or w ho feels for the general Ilappiness of Mankind.

That our Assistance shall not be wanting, to aid His Majesty with our Advice, and to strengthen His Authority, for the Continuation of that Harmony so happily preferred by the Wisdom of His Majesty’s Councils and the Influence of His mild auspicious Government.

To allure His Majesty that we ill all, with the greatest Cheerfulness, grant His Majesty the Supplies necessary for the current Service of the Year; having the firmed Hcliance bn the Promise His Majesty is graciously pleased to make, of seeing them duly applied with that Economy, which, His own Wisdom will direct, and which the Circumstances of this Country so ii rougly demand.

That the Unanimity and Dispatch, which His Majesty is plcaled to recommend, we shall, from Motives both of Duty and Inclination, endeavour to make the ' Rule of our Proceedings; being ipnfible that nothing cast more irrtmediately tend to add Weight to the Deliberations of Parliament, or Efficacy to their Refutations.

That, as the conliant Tenor of His Majesty’s Coh-dust (hews that the Happiness and Prosperity of His People are the foie Objects of His Concern, we flionld be equally wanting in Duty to our Sovereign, and -Care for our own Honour, did we a Moment neglect our, Part in promoting all such wife and salutary Measures, as may tend to reflect Dignity on His Majesty’s Government, and fix the Welfare of His People on the most solid Foundations.

A3sread. The House was, moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for making of Knights and Burgesses within the County and City of jChefter; and also the Preamble of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the County. Palatine of Durham to fend Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parliament,

might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Address Resolved, Nemine, Conlradiccntc, That an humble Ad-on the dress be presented to His Majesty, to return His Ma-King Siieech. je(jy 0ur most humble Thanks for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To allure His Majesty, that it is with the highest Scnfe of His Majesty’s Goodness we acknowledge that Care for the Welfare of His People, and that Confidence in the Loyalty And Alfdn ion of His faithful Commons, which His Majesty Ihevvs in the early Communication His Majesty has been pleased to order, of the necessary Informations relative to the Disturbances in America; that. His Reliance on the Wiffiom and Duty of His Parliament, in a*Matter of so great* Im-

Vol. 30.

447

portance, and the Attention shewn by His Majesty in referring to their Deliberation and Advice, the joint Concern of His Majesty’s Royal Authority, the Rights of His Parliament, and the Ilappiness of His Subjects, are at once Objects of our highest Admiration and Gratitude.

That it is our Duty, as it shall be our Care, to imitate that Temper and Equanimity which appear in His Majesty’s Conduct, by mixing with our Zeal for the Honour of His Majesty’s Government, and with our just Regard for the Diguitv and Authority of Parliament, the utmost Attention to the important Objects of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, and the tendered Concern for the united Interests of all His People,

That it is with inexpressible Grief we are again called upon to condole with His Majesty, on the Death of another Prince of His Royal Family, whose amiable Disposition, and whose early Virtues in the first Dawn of JJfe, while they shew him worthy of the illustrious Race he sprang from, must now double our Regret for his untimely Loss.

That the general State of Peace and Tranquillity, so happily reigning in all Parts of , must give

the greatest Satisfaction to every ,qpe who has any Concern for the true Interest of his Country, or wdio feels for the general Happiness of Mankind.

That our Aflillance shall not be wanting, to aid.His Majesty with our Advice, and to strengthen His Authority for the Continuation of that Harmony so happily preserved by the Wililom of His Majesty’s Councils and the Influence of His mild aufpjcious Government.

To allure. His Majesty that we shall, W’ith the greatest Cheerfnlness, grant His Majesty the Supplies necessary for the current Service of the Year; having the lirmeft Reliance on the Promise His Majdlv is graciously pleased to make, of seeing them duly applied with that Economy which his own Wisdom will direct, and which the Circumstances of this Country so strongly demand.

That the Unanimity and Dispatch, which His Majesty is pleased to recommend, we shall, from Motives both of Duty and Inclination, endeavour to make the Rule of our Proceedings; being sensible that nothing can more immediately tend to add Weight to the Deliberations of Parliament, or Efficacy to their Resolutions.

That, as the conftjjint Tenor of His Majesty’s Conduct thews that the Happiness and Prosperity of His People are the foie Objects of His Concern, we tliould be equally wanting in Duty to our Sovereign, and Care for our own Honour, did we a Moment neglect our Part in promoting all such wife and salutary Measures as may tend-to reflect Dignity on His Majesty’s Government, and fix the Welfare of His People on the most solid Foundations.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

. Ajod a Committee was appointed of Lord 'Mr. Thomas.Tozcnjhcnd, Junior, ~M.r.Cooke, Mr. Stanley, Mr, Pitt, Mr. Secretary Conway f Lord John Caven-

dish, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Qnjlow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Elliot, Lord Strange, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Ellis, Sir George JSavile, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Oficald, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr.

Cooper; or any Five of them:. And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of parliament, he referred to the said Committee.

A

Mr. Secretary- Conw ay presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy

Topers

fefpcrtr'g A nciicau Colonies.

140 Januarii. A. 17

Wh;n rereived

Wi.cn rtLt'ivcil.

1765.

lit March 1765. lGth^/H. 1765. 8th Aug.

14th Ocl.

13th Ocl.

uft oa.

25 th oa.

5th oa.

gth Xov.

16th oa 2sth oa

28th oa.

gth X

Copy of Governor Bernards T-ettoi* to flic Foil of llal'fax. BXov.

ictli 1761. Inclosing,

Petition of the Council nml House of Rcpfcl'cnfatives of M

Bay to the House of Commons.

(rovemor Bernard's Speecli to the 4th -Noe. Alien j My.

Achlrefs of the Council ami House of Representatives to Governor Bollard.

Copy of Governor Hopkins's Letter to the Karl of Halifax. R

12th Nov. 1764.

Copy of Governor Fitch's Letter to the Karl of Halifax. Norw

neBicut, :3th Xov. 1764. 7th

Copy of Lieut. Governor quier's Letter to the Earl of Halifax.

Williamsburgh, Virginia, 14th June 10th

176.V

Copy. of Governor Bernard's Letter to the Karl of Halifax. Cast

Aug. 13th and 16th 171)3. Inclosing, 15th A or. Governor Bernard's Proclamation.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to f lie Karl of Halifax. Castle 15th Xov. William, Aug. Z2(\ 1765. Inclosing,

Copy of Minutes of Council, held at Billion.

Copy of a Letter from Mr Collector of the Customs at Rhode Island, to the Karl of Halifax. Rhode 1 ith Dec.

If and, 28th Aug. 17 63. Inclosing,

Printed Copy of the Providence Gazette Extraordinary.

Copy of a Letter from Lt. Governor I lute hinfonto the Earl of Halifax.

Boston, 30th Aug. 1765. 13th Dec.

Copy of a letter from Governor Bernard to the Earl of Halifax. Castle William, Avg. 3ill 1765. Inclosing,

Copy of Minutes of Council.

Copy of Governor Bernard's Proclamation.

Copy of a Letter from Deputy Governor Sharpe to the Earl of Halifax. Annapolis, Maryland, Sept. 5th

Copy of a Letter from Governor 10th Dec. Bernard to the Earl of Halifax. Castle William, Sept. 7th 1765.

Extract of a Letter from Major General Gage to Mr. Secretary Conway. New York, Sept. 23d 1763. Inclosing,

Resolutions of Council.

General Distribution of His Ma- 10th Dec.

4f fiy's Forces in North America.

Copy of a Letter from Lieut. Governor Colden to Mr. Secretary Conway. Xezv York, 23d Sept. 1765. In- 1 ith Dec. doling,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. James M'Evers, appointed Distributor of the Stamps in New York, to Lieut.

Governor Colden.

Minutes of Council.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Franklin to Mr. Secretary Conway.

Burlington, Next' Jersey, Sept. 23d 17.63.

Inclosing, nth Dec.

Copies of Two letters: ill from Governor Franklin to General Gage-,

2d. General Gage's Aniwor.

Copies of Three 1 otters: 1 ft from the Speaker of New Jerjiy; 2d from Wiliam (,'ove. Flip lire; 3d from Governor Franklin to Mr. Core. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to Mr. Secretary Conway. Boston. Sept.28th 17b7. Inclosing,

Governor Bernard's Speech to the Afl’embiv.

Copy of a Minute of Council.

Copy of a Mefi'age from Governor Bernard to the General Court, anil of the Answer of the House of Kepresentatives.

Copy of a Letter from Lieut. Governor Hutchin/bnto Mr. Secretary

Conway. New York, October ill 1763.

Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to Mr. Secretary PortJ'niouth, New llampshire, Oa. 5th 1763.

Extract of a Letter from Major Go neral Gage to Mr. Secretary Nero York, 12th Oa. 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Lieut. Governor Colden to Mr. Secretary Con-way. New York, 12th Ot7. 1765. Inclosing,

Printed Copy of the Constitutional

Courant.

Copy of Lieut. Governor Colder?* Letter to Mr. Secretary New

York, 26th 0(7. 1763. Inclosing,

Copy of a Paper polted up at the Corners of the Streets, S’c. in New York.

Copy of a Letter from Lieut, Governor IIutchinfonto Mr. Secretary

Conway. Boston, 27th C/it. 1765. Inclosing,

Copy of his Petition to the King in Council.

Appraisement of Damages, S~c.

Printed Copy of the Boston Evening Pojt, and Supplement.

Printed Copy of the Nezcport Mercury.

Copy of a Letter from Major General Gage to Mr. Secretary Conway.

New York, 4th November 1763. Inclosing,

Extract of a Printed Paper pub-hilled at New York.

Copy of Lieut. Governor s

Declaration.

Copy of Lieut. Governor Colden's Letter to Mr. Secretary Con way.

York, 3th Nov. 1765. Inclosing,

Minute of Council.

Copy of a Letter from Major General Gage to Mr. Secretary NezvYork, 8th Nov. 1675. Inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from I.ieut. Governor Colden to Major General Gage.

Copy of a Minute of Council.

Copy of a letter from Major General Gage to Lieut. Governor Colden.

Copy of a Letter from Lieut.

Cover-

6 Geo. III.

14° yanuarU. 449

Governor Coto Mr. Secretary Conway. pfew York, Nov. gth 1765*

Inclqfing*

Copy of Minute-? of Council. Printed Copy of the York Gazette.

Copy of a Paper put up at the Coffee House at New York, the ill N&v.&c.

Copy of a Paper put up at the Coffee House in New York, the16th Nov. &c.

Extract of a printed Paper piib-lifted at New York.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Conway to Lient. Governor Fauquier; dated 14th Sept. 1765.

Ext raft of a letter from Mr. Secretary Comedy to Major Gen' doge, 24th Oft. 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Conway to Go* vernor Bernard, 24th Oft. 1765.

Copy of a circular Letter from Mr. Secretary Comoay to the rest of the Governors of His Majesty’s Colonies on the Continent of North America, 24th Oft. 1765.

Ext raft of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Conway to Major General Gpge, 15th Dec. 1765.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Secretary Conway to Lieut. Governor C 'olden, 15th Dec. 1765.

Copy of a Letter frdm Sir He tin/ Moore to Mr. Secretary Conway-, dated New York, 2 ift 1765. Inclosing, Minutes of Council, relative to the Stamp Act; and on the Oaths being administered to Sir Henry Moore, as Governor in Chief.

When received.

nth Dec. 1764. Copy of a Representation from the

Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations relative to the Proceedings of the Assemblies of Majachufets Bay and Neio York, with respect to the Acts and Resolutions of the Le-'

‘ giflature of Great Britain.

12th Dec. 1764. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, referring the aforegoing Representation, and Papers thereto annexed, to a Committee of the Lords of the Council.

14th Dec. 1764. Copy of a Report from the Lords of the Committee of Council upon the aforegoing Representation, and Papers; proposing, that the same may be laid before Parliament.

19th Dec. 1764. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, approving the said Report, and directing the Earl of Halifax to receive His Majesty’s Pleasure as to the Time and Manner of laying the said Papers before Parliament.

17th Janry. 1765. Copy of a Representation from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, transmitting an Extract from the Printed Votes of the Aflem-bly of New York, containing an extraordinary Order or Resolution relating to the impending Dangers, which threaten the Northern Colonies, of being taxed by Laws to be passed in Great Britain.

1 fiFebry. 1765. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in

Council, directing the Earl of Halifax to lay the preceding Representation and Extract before Parliament, at the same Time with the other Papers di-rested to be laid before Parliament by Hiss Majesty’s aforementioned Order in Council of iothDw. 1764. tjth Aug. 1765. Extract. of a Representation of the

Lords Commissioners for Trade and

Vol. 30.

When received.

Plantations, with the Papers thereto annexed, so far its relates to the Refo-lutions of the House of Burgesses-of . Virginia, with respdft to the- late Act

of Parliament for.levying a Duty upon Stamps. in Am

6th Sept. L765. Copy of an Ord^r of His Majesty in Council, . referring the aforegoing . Representation. andyPapers to a Committee of the Lords-of the Council, lit October 1765. Copy of a Representation of the Ixmls Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, touching the Proceedings 1 and Resolutions of 'the House of Re-prefetitatives of with.

respect to the Act for levying a Duty upon Stamps in Am'erica, and to other Acts of the Parliament Britain.

2d October 1765. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Catuicih referring the aforegoing Representation to a Committee Of the Lords of the Council.

3d October 1765. Copy of a Report of the Lords o( the Committee of Council, upon the Two aforegoing Representations, and . Papers thereto annexed; proposing} that the same may be laid before Parliament.

18th October 1765. Copy of.an Order of His Majesty in Council, approving the above Report, and directing Mr. Secretary to

receive His Majesty’s Pleasure, wit Li ro-spect to the Time arid Manner of laving the said Papers before Parliaments . nthOftoier 1765. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; with feveraLRapers, transmitted by, the Governor of sets Bay, relative to the outrageous Behaviourof the People in the Town of Boston, in Opposition tp bheAft for levying a Duty upon Stamps iwAmerica.

17th October x 765. Copy of another Rfepresentation'of the said Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations: with several Papers thereto annexed, transmitted by the Governor of Bay, relative to aforementioned Riots. .

8th October 1765. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to the Clerk of the Council in waiting, transmitting several Papers from the Person appointed Distributor of the Stamps in Majachufets Bay, relative to the said Riots.

18th October 1765. Copies of Two Orders of His Majesty in Council, referring the Two > aforementioned Representations and

Letter, together with the Papers thereto annexed, to a Committee of the Lords of the Council.

22d October 1765. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Counoil, upon the Two aforementioned Representations and Letter.

23d October 1765. Copy of an Order of His Majesty in Council, directing Mr. Secretary Conway to signify His Majesty’s Ploa-sure to the several Governors in North America, to cause a flop to be put ,t the said Riots.

D" Die. Copy of His Majesty’s. Order in

Council, directing the Lords Gemmissioners of the Admiralty to give the necessary Orders to the Commanders of His Majesty's SeaFbrces for their Concurrence and Afliftaece $Y

Papers

fcfpe&nj

American

Colonitsi

Papers

jefpt&fog

Americas

Colonies.

450

140 Januarii.

A. 176

When received.

in suppressing Riots, when called upon by the Governors for that Purpol'e.

13d October 1765. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in

Council, direSing the Secretary at War to give the necessary Orders to the Commanders of His Majesty’s Land Forces in America, for thhir Concurrence and Assistance in suppressing Riots, when called upon by the Governors for that Purpose.

17th Dec. 1765. Copy of a Representation of the a. Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with several Letters and other Papers from the Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, giving an Account of some further Unconstitutional Resolutions and Proceedings of the Council and Assembly of that Province.

4th and 6th Nov. Copies of Extracts of Two Letters 1765. from the Collector and Comptroller of New York to the Commissioners of the Customs, relating to their Inability to discharge their Duty conformable to the Stamp Ad, on Account of the riotous Proceedings there, in Oppo-fition to the said A6h Extract of a Letter from Francis Fauquier, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, to the Lords Com-on issioners for Trade and Phmtatiens; dated WHliamf-burgh, June5th 1763.

Copy of the Resolutions of the House of Burgesses -of Virginia.

Extract of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor of Af affachufets Bay;to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated July 8th 1765.

Extract from the Journal of the House of Representa-tivesoftlieProvince of MqffachufetsRay, June 25th 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, 'Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated William, August 15th 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor ef Massachusets Bay, to the Lords Cotumifftoners for Trade and Plantations; dated Castle William, Augqftiod 1765.'

Copy of the Minutes of Council held in the Council Chamber in Boston, on Augu.fi 14, 15, and 21, 1765.

Copy of a Proclamation issued by Governor Bernard; dated August 15th 1765.

Copy of a Proclamation issued by Governor;

dated August acth 176 c.

Copy of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Castle William, August 31st 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor of Massachusets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Castle William, September 7 th 1765.

Copy, of the Minutes of Council held in the Council Chamber in Boston, on August 27, 28, and 19, 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor s&Massachusets Bay, to John Poumall, Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Castle William, 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire,

Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Boston,

v tetnber 28th 1765.

ExtraSs from the Journal of the House of Represen-taftives of Mqffachufets Bayon 25, 26, and 27th of

September 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from William Franklin, Esquire, Governor of NewJersey, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated October

ioth-1765*

Copy of Minutes of the Council <ff New Jersey, on the 13th and 24th of September 1765!

ExtraS of a Letter from Beming Esquire,

Governor of New Humpftrire, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated 5th 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor of M-affackufets Bay, to John Pownall, Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Boston, OBoberift 1765.

Copy ofal^terfcoaiFrancisBernard, Esquire, Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Boft 1765.

Copy of a Letter from FrancisBe Esquire, Governor of Mqffuchufets Bay, to the Lords Commissioners for

Trade and Plantations; dated Boston, October 17th 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire^ Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to John PotOnaU, Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Boston, O 19th 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Esquire, Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to Pownall, Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Boston, O 26th 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from Francis Bernard, Eftjuire, Governor of Mqffachufets Bay, to John Poumall, Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Castle William, November ill 1765.

, Copy of Minutes of the Council of Bay,

OB. 29, ,30, 31, and November 4th 1765.

Copy of a Resolve of a Committee of the Council and Representatives, of the Province of Mqffachufets Bay, the 25th of OB. 1765.

Copy of Votes at a Meeting of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants of the Town of Cambridge,

14th 1765.

ExtraS of a Letter from Francis Fauquier, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; dated Williams burgh, OB. id 1765.

ExtraS from the Journal of the- House of Burgesses in Virginia, the 29th and 30th May ’7G5-

Whem received.

Augufi28th 1765. Collector of the Customs at Rhode Island to the Coaunissioners of the Customs.

31 ft. Mr. Johnfbn, Distributor of Stamps,

to the Commissioners of Stamps. r

Sept. 5. Collector of the Customs at. Rhode

Island to the Commissioners of the Customs.

6. Intelligence from the Coloniesabout

the Stamp AS.

6. Mr. BretteU to Mr. Lloyd, Distri* bufor of Stamps for South Carolina.

7. Comptroller at Boston to the Commissioners of the Customs.

9. Mr. Temple, Surveyor General of the Northern District of America, to the Commissioners of the Customs.

30. Mr. George to the Commissioners of Stamps.

OB. 1 %. Mr. John Hughes to D*, with 8 In-

dofures.

26. David Colden to D*.

Nov. 2. Mr. John Hughes to D®, with 2 In-

cfofures.

10. Zachary Hood to D*.

Account of Ships in which Stamps were feat to America.

ot\iMarch 1-765. Mr. BretteU, Secretary to the Commissioners of Stamps, to Mr. Jenkinson, Secretary of the Treasury: And Mr. Jenkinson's Answer to Mr. BretteU, of 3d April 1765; with Lift of Stamp Officers appointed by the Treasury, aoth April 1765. Mr. Whatefy, Secretary of the Traa-fury, to the Commissioners of Stamps,

. - to

6 Geo. III.

14" — 150

When received.

to fend a Plan for carrying the Act into execution.

45th April 1765. Mr. Brettett to Mr.

27th D* ——

3d Ju 5th.

6th.

9th.

D\

D*.

10th.

14 th September.

10th September.

*7-19*

Representation from the Commissioners of Stamps, with a Plan.

Mr. Brettell to Mr.

Treasury Minute.

Mr. Wkately to the Commissioners of Stamps, approving their Plan.

D* - - to Morgan Vane, Comptroller of the Stamps, approving of his appointing Two additional Clerks on account of American Stamps.

Mr. Whately to the Commissioners tf Stamps, about Vacancies of Distri-bators of Stamps abroad.

Treasury Minute.

D* - - - to D°, about Distributors paying their Money to Deputy Paymafte rs abroad.

Mr. Loxond to the Commissioners of Stamps, inclosing Copy of a circular Letter to the Governors abroad, about the Stamp Act.

Representation from the Commissioners of Stamps for £. 6,000.

Treasury Minute.

Mr. Lowndes to Commissioners of Stamps, for the Particulars of Expence already incurred.

Treasury Minute.

Mr. Loion to Commissioners of Stamps, to rooesnmend a Distributor for the Bahamas.

7th October 1765. Treasury Minute.

8. Mr. Coeper to the Clerk of the Coun-

cil in waiting, transmitting Two Letters from Mr. Oliver; with Inclosures.

Mr. Cooper to Governor Bernard, about the Riot at Bojlm,

D* to Governor Skiriey, about distributing Stamps at the Bahamas.

Mr. Brettell to b/Lv. Lowndes, about Stamps abroad.

Treasury Minute.

Treasury Minute.

Mr.Cooper to Sk Henry Moore, about the Drstribution of Stamps at New York, on Mr. s Resignation.

Mr. M‘Evers’s Letter to Mr. Tre-totkick.

Mr. Cooper to Mr. Brettell, about a Distributor at the Bahamas.

Mr. Cooper to Governor Franklin, about the Distributor at

Mr. BretteWs Letter to Mr. Lowndes, inclosing Mr Resignation as Distributor of New Jersey.

Extract of Mr. Lowndes’s Letter to Mr. Brettell, about Mr. Core’s Resignation.

Treasury Minute.

Treasury Minute.

Mr.Letter to the Oerkof the Council in wanting; transmitting, Mr. Freemanfldi Letter, with . Two Extracts of Letters from the Collector and Comptroller of New York.

Ext rad of Mr. BretteWs Letter, tran finitting Letters from,

r. Mr. Core, ^sfnAvgreft 1765.

2. Sarby and 31st

' > 7^5* '

3. Mr. Whitehead, 10th November 1765.'

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Vox,. 36.

TP.

toth.

nth.

D*

14 th. 16th.

26 AugvJL 17 October.

5 November.

>4.

*5-

45.

23 Dec. 1.765. 24.

iJan. 1766.

451

Ordered, That the said Papers be Referred to tha Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant January, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this C*jJ Day Fortnight, the 28 th Day of this Instant January. Hou£e‘

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mh Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House, upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account 1 Account of all Ships arrived in the Ports of this King- ships cleared dom, which have been cleared out from any of the from British Colonies in America, since the Firil of November America, last; specifying the Colonies from whence they have been respectively cleared out: And also whether any, and which, of the said Ships have offered to make Entries here, without having their Clearances, or other Papers properly stamped, agreeably to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and what has been done in consequence thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 15* die Januarii;

Anno 6° GeorgiilIF11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

ZJIERONYMUS Henry Burmester, John,

and Julius Conrad Bidder, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, wadenFeny, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Chanties on the Trent, of Lancaster, Chester, Stafford, Warwic Mers *?R;ver

Nottingham, Lincoln, and York, and the Town and Csnal. County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That by a Survey made, it appears, that a Canal, or Cut, may be carried from the River Trent, at or hear Wilden Ferry, in the said County of Derby, to lend to or near Sioarkeftone and Willing ton, in the said County of Derby, Whichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and in the said County of Stafford, and Law.ton and Ajtbuni, and to Mid over the Rivers Dane and Peover, in the said County of Chester, and so on to the River for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, whereby an easy Communication will be made between the Two great Port Towns of Hull and Liverpool; which, the Petitioners conceive, will b$ of great Advantage, not only to the Trade carried on to and from the said Ports, but to the several different Manufactories which abound in the many Towns and Places, through or near which the said Canal, or Cut, is proposed to be made; and also will be of great public Utility: And tlterefore praying. That Leave' may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such navigable Cut, or Canal, as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Ssjofeph Mawbey,

Mr. Wood, Mr. Jackson, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Coventry, Mr Gajcoyne, Ms, De Grey, Mr

Mr.

Duke of Bridgewater1 Navigation.

45 2 150 Januarii; A. 1766.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Y/crrft/, Mr. Ridley, Mr. jenkin/on, Sir Jackson, Mr. Mr. Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Brooke Brijds.cs, Lord North, Lord Grey, Mr Sandys, Serjeant Hewitt, Mr Mr. Blit ckjtone, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ihjfon, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Hanbury, Sir

Gray, Mr. Of v aid, Mr. Harvey, Lord Coleraihe, Mr. George Y

Mackwnrth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Fovnereau, rxd BnjcMr. Mr. Lord Mr. White, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Blackffene, Sir Charles Campbell;iand all the Members who serve for the More!aunt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Ph'nnp’re, Sir Charles Ban- Counties of Lancujler, Stafford, and J

bury, Mr. Morgan, Mr Rigby, Lovd Jek.riCavcndish, Mr. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Toxcn/hend, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Staunton, Sir John Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamberand have Power to Turner; and.all the Members-who serve for the Conn- fend for Terfotts, Papers, and Records., ties of 1^1 >icaster, Chester, Stafford, Warwick, Derby, - - ’ ‘ . '

Nottingham, Lciccfcr, Lincoln, and York: 'Aiul they A Petition of several Gentlemen,' Tradesmen, and Dukr of

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the? Clock, iq others, redding in and near the Market Town of Bridgrwia*’# the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for port, in the County Palatine wasalfopreffnted Nav, gat,on-

Persons, Papers, and Records. to the House, and read; Alleging, That the Petitioners

apprehend, that the making and extending such navi-

A Petition of the Mod noble Francis Duke of Bridge- gable Canal as aforesaid, to Slockpott aforesaid, or as s x cater, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting, near the same as.it may be found practicable and con*

That by an Act passed in the Tlnrty-second Year of vehient, will be the Means of facilitating and rendering King George the Second, the Petitioner was authorized, lets expeidive the Carriage and Conveyance of Goods,

- to make, at his own Expence,a navigableCnt, or Canal, M ares, and Merchiand ifes, from the Port o to

fromSalford to Wytjley Mill amt Middlewood, and to/Ad- the same Market Town of Stockport, and many other tin Ferry, in the County Palatine of Lancujler ;and that Parts and Places communicating the rewith respectively; by another Act, pafl'ed in the Thirty-third Year of his ami will be attended with many ufefid and beneficial said late Majesty, the Petitioner was impowered to make Consequences to the Petitioners and the Public: And a navigable Cut, or.Canal, from Worjley Mill, over the therefore praying, That the said Bill may pat’s intoti Law,

River Incell, to Manchester and Longford Bridge; and under such Regulations as to the Hoqfe shall teem meet,

that, by another Act, passed in the Second Year of His OrThat the said Petition bo-referred to the Conv-present Majesrv’s Reign, the Petitioner was impowered mittee, to whom thedaft-mentioned Petition is referreik-to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Longford.

Bridge, to the River Mersey, at a Place called the A Petition of Charles Dingley, George and St^rr River

llempffones, in the Township of llalfon, in the County William Maferman, Esquires, and al so of the several other Navigation, of Chester; and alleging, that the Petitioner hath com- Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Completed the said Navigation over the River Incell, to or niissioners named in an Act of Parliament therein men- near Longford Bridge aforesaid, and to or near the said tioned, for making navigable, the River in the

Town of Manchester;and also over the River Mersey, Counties of Hertford and Esse.v, and for putting in exo

to or near the Market Town of Altrincham, in the said cution the Powers for that Purpose by the said Act County of Chester; and is nowcarrying dn the fame from given, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Altrincham aforesaid towards thellempfonrs s and Getting Notice of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of forth, that, by a late Survey, it-appears, that the hud King.G the Second, for making the River S’tvrt Navigation, may be made and extended from a certain navigable, from the New Bridge, in the Town of p Part of the said navigable Canal, already made upon Stortford, into the River Lee, near a Place called the Sale Moor, to Stockport, in the said County of Chester, Bye, in the County of Hertford; and alleging, that the whereby the Conveyance of Coals, Stones, Timber,‘and Commissioners named in the said Act have, in pursuance other Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, to and from the thereof, had several Meetings, in order to put the same great trading Towns of Manchester, Liverpool, and Stock- in execution; but- from the Diflicnlty of procuring ihp-port, and the Country, lying contiguous and near to the Loan of a sufficient Sum of Monty, upon the Security said Navigation, and also ifeveral large trading Towns in the said Act provided, for carrying on and eoinplet-in the Counties of York and Derby, will be facilitated ing the said Navigation, and from other Caules of Inland rendered less expensive; and the general and public pediment appearing to the said Commissioners, no Pro-Utility of the Undertakings; authorized by the said gress has.hitherto been made;to, etleft-the faklNaviga-former Acts, vvillbevery greatly increased; and that the tion, and the said Act hath proved wholly ineffectual for Petitioner is willing to undertake, at his own Expence, that Purpose; and that a Proposal having been made to to extend, make, and maintain the said Navigation by a the Commissioners, by the PetitionerC//ar/cs Z>///g/cy, on Cut, or Canal, from a certain Part of the said naviga- behalf of himself and the other Petitioners, the said ble Canal already made upon Sale Moor aforesaid, over George Jack/ov and William that, in calc the

a Place called Northen, otherwise Norlltedon Moor, to said Commissionerswouldconcurin-obtainiiiganotherAft Stockport aforesaid, wit bout any higherT onnage t hrough- of Parliament, whereby the Petitioners, the said Charles out the Whole or any Part of all the said Navigation, Dingley, George and William Masterman, should

than the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton, be invested with fit Powers and Authorities, and whereby which is appointed to be taken by the said former Acts, proper Tolls and Duties should be vested in them, and upon such Parts thereof as are already authorized to be their Heirs and Assigns, as a CoaGderation, they would made: And therefore praying, That Leave may he undertake, at their own Expence (exempt from all Exgiven to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to pences thentofore incurred) and Risque, the making of, make and maintain the said Navigation, and all such supporting, maintaining, and rendering effectual, the Works as maybe necessary for that Purpose, under said Navigation; and also that the said Navigation such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, should be so perfected, within Five Years after passing as the House shall think necessary and proper. . of such Act; and that the said Commissioners being of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Opinion that the frrft-mentioned Act, as it now ltandsr Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- cannot be carried into execution, or the said Naviga-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it tion otherwise effected than by private undertaking, and shall appear to them, to the House: having duly considered the said Proposal, do fully ap-

And it is referred to Mr. Wood, Sir Charles Mordmml, prove thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may Mr. Egertan, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Granby, be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners,

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Gore, Mr Price, Mr. Toion/hentl, Lord Charleandajterman,

Cary fort, M r.Fonnereau, Lord JoltnCavendi/k, Mr But-. to make and continue navigable the said River Start,

ler, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Grant, Mr. Montagu, Mr.fl/o/7o7i, from the River Lee, near a Place called the Bye, to a M r.GaJ'coyne, Mr. Parka% Mr. Ryder, Lord Howe, Mjr. certain Mill, called the Town Mill, in Bishop S’tort/JrJ, in

19 th®

6 Geo.' III. 15° Januarii. 453

the said County of Herfford, in such Manner, and with Jhend, 'Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir John Delaval, Mr.

such Powers and Authorities to be vested in the Peti- Gilbert, Sir Meredith, Mr. Calvert, Sir

Honors for that End and Purpose, as to the House shall der Grant, Mr. , Mr. Tkurlow, Sir James

form meet. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Brand, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr. Garth, Mr. Mr. Cocks, Mr.

'Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Byde, Lord (farysfort, Sir Jq/eph Mr. Wynn,

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Mr. Morton, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Hardy; and 'shall appear to them, to the House: all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts,

And it is referred to Mr. Iloublon, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Somerset, Dorset, Southampton, and Devon: And they George Yonge, Mr. Eger ten, Mr. Harris, Mr Prefect, are to meet this Afternoon,. at Five of the Clock, in the Mr. Fuller, Mr. Morton, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Fan Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-

vereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Brand, Lord Howe, fons. Papers, and Records.

Mr. Brudenell, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Mawbaj, Mr.-

Wefi, Mr. Heioett, Sir Charles Bunbuiy, Mr. Cooper, Sir George Savile, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Mr. Alder*-

man Beckford, Mr. Wood, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Edmonflow, M r. W,hitshed, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Price, Lord Villiers, Mr. Cocks s

and all the Members who serve for the Coiinties of Hertford, Ffjex, Middlesex, and

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hartley A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Two Acts of Parliament, the one palfed in the Twelfth Year of t he Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road froth llorjley upright , leading down Bowden

Hill, in the County of Wto the Top of Hill, in the Parilll of Box, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons, inhabiting near to, and usually travelling upony the said Road, and other the Roads therein mentioned; was pfefelited to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a consideralde Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act*, whereof the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Poimda still remains due; and that the Terms, grafted by the said Acts are now near expiring; and that the said Debt cannot be paid, and the said Road effectually put in l-epair, unless the Term's of the said Acts are enlarged, and the Powers thereof explained and amendedand further setting forth, That there are Three several Roads branching out of the fold. Road, one, through Part thereof leading from and Troubridge, through Laeock, to Chippenham,

bury, and Christian Ma ford, in the County of Wilts, and

to certain Coal Pits, in the County of , commencing at a Place called Homans Stile, in the Pariil* of Lacock, and ending at a Brook called Puddin , id

the Parish of Corsham, together with a certain Lane branching therefrom called Covjlip Lane; one other, called Hadley Lane, leading out of the said Road at Pickwick, in the Parish of Corsham, to join the Turnpike Road from Chippenham, to the City of Bath s and the Third leading out of the said Road at a Place calted Chapel of Plaifer, in the Parish of Box, to Bradford, in the County of Wilts, ending at a Place called the Oaks, at Bradfords Lye, in the Parish of Bratford; all which Roads are, in many Places, very narrow and inconvenient to Travellers, and are become extremely ruinous and out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary collide of Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the said Acts; and also for repairing. Widening, and keeping in Repair, the said other Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the l'ajrl Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it dial 1 appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Whitworth,

Mr, Gafeoyne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dyson, Mr

Jlcne, Mr. Filzherbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Town-

Vol. 30.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Mer- wiaon chants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the M *®. -several Towns of Manchester, Stockport, Macclesfield, Carnal. Knutsford, and Northwich, and Parts adjacent, in the several Counties of Lancaster^and ,was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Canal, or Cut, may be tnade, from the navigable Part of Witton Brook, at Wit ion Bridge, near Northioich, in the Coupty oi Chester, to the Town of Nether Knutsford s and from thence, by a certain Place in or near the Township of Motlram Andrew, to or near the Town of Macclesfield ;. and front the same Place, in or near Mottram aforesaid, tq the Town of Stockport, in the said County; and from Stockport aforesaid, to the Town of Manchef in the Coupty' bf iMncaster; and that such Canal, or Cut, may be supplied with Water sufficient for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels of considerable Burthen, -whereby thq Navigation from the Port of Liverpool will be extende4 to the Trading Towns of Macclesfield, Stockport, aix}

Knutsford,- and to and from those Towns to the greet Trading Town of Manchester and the adjacent Countryj and the Conveyance not only of Goods and Merchan-difes between the Port of Liverpool and the said Towns and adjacent Country, hut also of Cheese, Salt, Timber,

Coals, Lime, Flagg, Slate, Stone, and other Produce of the said Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and of the neighbouring Counties of York, Derby, and Nottingham) will be rendered less expensive than at present; that the Petitioners apprehend the making and maintaining such Canal, or Cut, and limiting the Rate of Tonnage to bq taken for the Carriage of Goods and Merchandise, will tend to the Benefit of Trade and Commerce, be the Means of reducing the Price of Provisions, and of great Utility to the Public.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such CanaL or Cut, as aforesaid, and such Works as may be necessary for the convenient Use thereof, under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Sir George,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ay-

hafion, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wood, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Morton, Mr. Toxonjhend, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Plumplre, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Gilbert, General A'Court, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Cooke, Sir George Savile, Sir William Baker, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, JM.r. Jackson, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bacon, Lord

Grey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Stafford, Salop, Derby, York, Lincoln, and Ldcesler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have $ower to fend for Persons, Paper*, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Vicar, and fe- Doddtngtoa veral other Proprietors of several Open Fields and Coin? Inclefur*. mouable* Lands, id the Parish of Greal Doddington, in the County of Northampton, was prefonted to the House, and

5 Z read

Brecon

'Simis.

Ditto.

454 150 Januarit.. . A. iq66.

read; setting forth* That there are several Open Fields £nti Commonable Lands within the said Parish, which in their present State, are incapable df Improvement, and that the Value thereof would be considerably increased if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as to the House Avail seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Tuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fuller and Sir Charles Hardy do prepare, and bring in,

' the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Bwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Confines of the County of at

.the Fourteen-Mile Stone, through TrecajUe,

Skethrog, over the Bwich, to the Confines of the County of Monmouth, at Kydiad y dduy Shir; by Church, Pen rheged fd, by Climb- Llanhed, to the Confines of the County, through by

through Dinas For eft, Talgarth, and by the Three Cocks,

through Llyfxven, Llanfair in Builth, to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at Llzvd lo and also

the high Road from the Confines of the County of

morgan, at Pont heath vechan, by Saint David's Church, through Penkelly, Llangnnider, by Bridge,

Penpedor-Hebl, to the Confines of the County of Monmouth, at a Brook called Baidon; and also the high Road from IJaiifair in Builth, through by

vhangelvechan Ch apel, through Brecon, over Van,

to Pont y Stykill;also the high Road from the White Hart Imi at Bwich, through!Jangorje, Talgarth,

Tredujtan, by Uandevailog, T

y-lin through Brecon, by Tralong Church, to Pont ar Se-lydach, in the Parish of IJyzoell; and also the high Road from Tily dderry, in the Road to Pender in, from Brecon, by Ponfyft ill, through Brecon Battle Village', to a Place called Pontfdit, in the Parish of Merthier; and also the high Road from Brecon, over to Hebl Talwen ,are, in many Places, ruinous, foun-derous, narrow, and very incommodious to Pafi'engers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending the said Roads, by such Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Brecon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in 1755 a Subscription was set on foot for amending the Road between the Town of Brecon and the Town of Hay; and also the Road between the Town ' of Brecon and the Town of Abergavenny; and also the Road from the said Town of Brecon, to the County of Carmarthen; and that an Act passed in 1760 for widening and repairing the said Hay Road, which has produced

aTollof £. r-50 per Annum, and upwards; and that by much the greatest Part of the other Two great Roads have been actually widened and repaired in a substantial and effectual Manner, and the Residue thereof are now carrying on with great Diligence and Vigour; and that the Petitioners are informed, a Petition has been lately ligned in order to be presented to the House, for a Bill for repairing and widening a great Number of cross Roads; and also the said Two great Roads leading from Brecon to Abergavenny, and from Brecon to the County of Carmarthen, although the last mentioned Roads are, and soon will be effectually repaired as aforesaid, and the Statute Labour is very sufficient to keep the same in good Repair; and also the cross Roads by the present

Highway Laws j the Petitioners therefore, in regard sufficient Security is ready to be given for completing the said Two Roads lallmentioned, in a speedy and effectual Manner, pray, that if Leave be given lo bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Two Roads leading from Brecon to Abergavenny, and from Brecon to the County of Carmarthen, may not be included therein; or that the House will give such other Directions for the Petitioners Relief, as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Inhabitants of the High Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said High Street is in general very ill paved; that, if Power was given to new pave and regulate the said Street, and to maintain and preserve the Pavement there for the future; and also to cleanse, light, and watch the said Street, and the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places (not being Thoroughfares) immediately adjoining thereto, in a proper and commodious Manner, and to remove all Nuisanc-es and Obstructions therein, by Spouts, Signs, Cellars, Bulks, Filth, or otherwise, and to prevent the same for the future, it would tend greatly to the Safety, Prefetva-tion, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Street, and other Places aforesaid, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes,. with l'uch Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thrale, Mi'. Kynaston Sir Charles Kemy* Tynte, Mr. Buller, Mr. Parker, Kir. Mr. Brand,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bacoh, Sir John Glynne, Sir Charles

Hardy, Mr. Fuller, Nr. Coventry,.}>\x. Toumjkend, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Heieett, Mr. Butler Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Whitworth, Sir George Warren, Mr. Burke, Mr Gascoyne, Mr. Tudivay, Mr. Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Thomlin-

Jim, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Ward, Sir George Montgomery and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Suffix, Essex, London, and M: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakr eVs Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomhms, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the total Value of the Exports from England to Spain, Portugal, Italy, and and

of the Imports from the same into England, from Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year and each Country, with the Exceedings of the several Exports upon the Imports, or of the Imports upon the Exports: And also.

An Account of all the Exports and Imports from and to England and Canada, with its Dependencies, includ-

ing Cape Breton, and all other Islands in the Gulpli and River of Saint Lawrence, from Christmas 1761 to

Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the several Quantities and Species of Goods imported into England from Martinico, from the Time it was taken to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Species of Goods exported from England to Guadaloupe, including Marie Galanle and Dejirade, in the West Indies, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1764; distingi! idling each Y’ear: And also,

Au

Southwark

Street*

Accounts; Imports and Exports*

6 G i o. 111.

15" Januarit.

A11 Account of the Quantity and Species of Goods imported into England from G from

1761 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; including Marie Galante and in thp West And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Value of the Imports into England from Africa, and of the Exports from England to Africa, from 1754 to Cl

1764; distinguishingeach Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of the Imports into England from the Worth American Colonies, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 176a: distinguishing eacLCoiony: And also.

An Account of the total Values of the Imports and Exports, to and from England, and all Countries, except His Majesty's Ides and Plantations, ffom Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of the Exports from England to the Worth American Colonies, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 176a; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to iu-fcaptymeus. demnify fu :h Persons as have omitted to qualify thern-selves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, And Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to regifier, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Time limited by I.aw;. and for giving further Time for those Purposes; And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. and Sir

Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Importation The House resolved itfel. into a Committee of the of felted whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made fronfious. ,‘n the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter fi'oin Ireland, for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.

Sir Joj'cph Maw hey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Sir Joji-ph Maze hep reported from the Copunittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they haddireftedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow. Morning.

Account*; Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Exports. count of all foreign Goods exported from

to the Brit///iColonies’in A whether under Certificate or otherwise, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid on the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,'an Account of all Goods of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the Colonies in

America, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1764; distin-guhhing each Year.

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Account of all Wines and Callicos1 exporte'd from Great Britain to the British Colonies in , whether

under Certificate or otherwise, from Christmas 176.4 to Christmas 1765, with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all other foreign Goods exported from Great Britain to the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1763, whether under Certificate or otherwise-; with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereou. "

Vol. 30. ' ’

+55

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Goods of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1765.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Price of Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Farrar do attend the said Committee, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Edwards do attend the Ibid.Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Doctor Thomas Moffat do. Upon Tuef-day Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant January, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were Yesterday presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Comvay, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Mr. — :--Howard do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major James do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The Lord Villiers reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him'tb report to the I louse; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our moll humble Thanks for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

It is with the higheftSenfe of Your Majesty’s Goodness we acknowledge that Care for the Welfare of Your People, and that Confidence in the Loyalty and Affection of Your faithful Commons, which Your Majesty shews in the early Communication Your Majesty has been pleased to order of the necessary Informations relative to the Disturbances in . Your Reliance

on the Wisdom and Duty of Your Parliament in a Matter of so great Importance, and the Attention shewn by Your Majesty, in referring to our Deliberation and Advice, the joint Concern of Your Majesty’s Royal Authority, the Rights of Your Parliament, and the Happiness of Your Subjects, are at once Objects of our highest Admiration and Gratitude.

It is our Duty, as it shall be our Care, to imitate that Temper and Equanimity which appear in Your Majesty’s Conduct, by mixing with our Zeal for the Honour of Your Majesty’s Government, and with our just Regard for the Dignity and Authority of Parliament, the utraoft Attention to the important Objects of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, and the tenderell Concern for the united Interests of all Your Majesty’s People.

It is with inexpressible Grief we are again called upon to condole with Your Majesty on the Death of another Prince of Your Royal Family, whose amiable Disposition, and whose early Virtues in the first Dawn of Life, while they shew him worthy of the illustrious Race lie sprang from, mull now double our Regret for his untimely Loss.

The general State of Peace and Tranquility, so happily reigning in al 1 Part s of Europe, mud give the greatest Satisfaction to every one, who has any Concern for the true Interest of this Country, or who feels for the general Happiness of Mankind.

Our Assistance shall not be wanting to aid Your Majesty with our Advice, and to strengthen Your Authority, for the Continuation of that Harmony so happily

prefer v«d

High Price fCom.

American

Colonies.

Address on rite Kint's Speech.

15* — 16*° — 17* Januarii. A. 1766.

preserved by the Wisdom of Your Majesty’s Councils and the influence of Your mild auspicious Government.

We allure Your Majesty that we mall, with the greatest CheCrfulness, grant Your Majesty the Supplies necessary for the current Service of the Year having the firmed Reliance on the Promise Your Majesty is gractoufiy - - pleased to make, of seeing them duly applied, with that Oeconomy which Your own Wisdom will direct, and which the Circumstances of this Country lb strongly demand.

The Unanimity and Dispatch which Your Majesty is

Eleased to recommend, we shall, from Motive? both of >uty and Inclination, endeavour to make the Rule of our Proceedings; being sensible that nothing can more immediately tend to add Weight to the Deliberations of Parliament, or Efficacy to their Resolutions.

And, as the constant Tenor of Your Majesty’s Conduct shews that the Happiness and Prosperity of Your People are the foie Objects of Your Concern, we should be equally wanting in Duty to our Sovereign, and Care for our pwn Honour, did we a Moment neglect our Part, in promoting all such wife and Salutary Measures as may tend to reflect Dignity on Your Majesty’s Government, and fix the Welfare of Your People on the most solid Foundations.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Refdlved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

aefolxxd, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Counsel, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Kiag’i speech Ordered, That. His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of Yesterday, be taken into

confideied. conliclerjtfjon Tomorrow Morning.

Well* APetition of Robert Tudway, Esquire, Mayor of the Ele&on. City of Wells, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is, and from the Month of September Iaft has been Mayor of the said City, and as such, the proper Officer ' to whom the Precept for electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the l’aid City ought to be delivered, and to whom the execution of such Precept doth belong; but that at the late Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for, the said City, in the room of the Right honourable Ileuvy Lord Digby, now Baron Digby of Sherborne, in the County of Dor/c^andaPeer of this Realm;

Paris Taylor, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, and Son of Peter Taylor, Esquire, one of the Candidates at the said Election, instead of delivering his Precept to the Petitioner, as be was required by the Petitioner to do, thought fit to deliver it to one William Keate, one of the Mailers of the said City, of whom the Petitioner again repeatedly demaudedit, but was refused; that the Petitioner nevertheless thought it his Duty to proceed to an Election, and hathfince in Person tendered to the said Sheriff a Return of Robert Child, Esquire* as having been duly elected a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, signed by the Petitioner and many of the Electors, and under the common Seal of the said

City; but the said Sheriff peremptorily refused to accept the fame, and, as the Petitioner is informed, hath accepted a Return of his said Father from the said Mr, Keate, and transmitted the same to the Clerk of the Crown: And therefore praying.That the Return made by tile said William Keate may be taken off the File, and

that the Return made by the Petitioner, and by him duly tendered to the said Sheriff as aforesaid, may be annexed inllead thereof, and that this House will be pleased to give such further Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at*

~ . V7

tend this House on Monday Morning next, with the Return of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of SomerJ’et, in the room of the Right honourable Henty hord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Digby, Baron Digby, of Sherboi'ne, in the County of Dorset, called up to the House of Peers.

The House being informed, that Robert Esquire, the Petitioner, attended at the Door, with the Return by him tendered to the Sheriff of the County of Somerset;

Ordered, That the said Robert Tudway, Esquire, do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next, with the said Return.

Ordered, That Mr Robert Bryant do attend this House,

at the same Time, with the Charters and public Books of the said City; and also the Roll subscribed by Persons who took the Oaths at the Quarter Session held for the said City.

Ordered, That 'M.r.RobertHolloway, Junior, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. RalphSutton do attend this House, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovist16° die Januarii\ '

Anno 6° Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1766.

v

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of failed Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was committed.

Onfera/. That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read ;'

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of Tuesday last.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that His Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to- be attended by this House. had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at One of the Clock, at His Palace of St. James.'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 170 die

Anno 6* Georgii IIIai Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

APetition of several Persons, whose Names are there-, unto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of the’ Common Field Lands, and Waste Pieces of Ground in the same Field, lying in the Parish of Ileddington, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That within the said Pari ft 1 there is

-a Com-

t

Importation of salted Provisions.

V.*

King’s Speech considered*

Time appointed For receiving Address.

Haddington

Inclosure.

Tunbridge

to

Maresfield

Road.

Bath

Streets,

*c.

6 Geo. III. 170 Jan. 4 57

a Common Field, containing a great Number of Acres of Arable Land and Waite Pieces of Ground, belonging to the Petitioners, which lie open, and the Property therein dispersed in small Parcels, for which Reason the said I^ands are not capable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners, as Proprietors of the said Lands, have executed Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the said Articles, and carry the same into execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Filzmauriee and Sir Robert Long do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Sadcvilk reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Stiflex, and Kent; and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road leading from Tunbridge H ells', and other Places in the County of Kent, to Maresfield, Uckfield, Lewes, Brighthelmstone, and other Places on the South Downs, in the County of Safer; was referred; That tire Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as'it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hisPJace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Rathbonc, being examined, said, That the Road leading front TunbridgeWells, Green and

Groom Bridge, in Kent, I^eigli Green and in the Parish of Withy ham, in Suffer,

Duddleswell, in the Parish of to the Crofs Ways

near Maresfield Street, is about Twelve Miles in length, and is in the Winter impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for Persons travelling in Carriages, or on Horseback at all Times; and that the same cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Francis Wheeler.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Wrays near Maresfield Street, in the County of SuJ'ex: And that Lord George and Mr.

Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the principal Markets within the said City, for Prorifions and sundry other Tilings, are at present held in and near the Street, called, 77i<? High Street, whereby the Passage through the same is greatly obstructed, and great Nuisances unavoidably happen; and that, if Power was given to the Petitioners, to remove the said Markets, and establish the same in fomemore convenient Place or Places within the said City, under proper Regulations, it would be of great Use and Convenience; and that several of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, are too narrow, and are incommodious; and that the said Inconveniences might be remedied, and several new Streets and Passages be made within the said City, Liberties, and Preempts, to the great Ease, Safety, and Convenience of Passengers, and to all Persons retorting to the said City, if the Petitioners w ere enabled to widen, enlarge, or alter the said narrow Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Pillages, and to open and lay out such new Streets, Ways, and PalT-ages, and, for those Purposes, to purchase the several Fjoufes, Buildings, and Grounds, as may be necessary; and that the several Acts hitherto passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise regulating the Streets, and other Places within the said City and

Vol. 30.

Liberties, have been found very defective; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Ciiy, and all Persons resorting thereto, if proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and regulate the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages within the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, and to remove all Nuisances and ObliruPtions therein, by Spouts, Signs, Cellars, Bulks, Penthouses, Filth, or otherwise, and to prevent the same for the future, and to regulate the Passage of Carts and other Carriages through the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages; and also to supply the said City, Liberties, and Preempts, with fresh and wholesome Water; and that many Persons inhabiting, working, or trading within the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, frequently contract small Debts, which they refuse to pay, although well able, prefmriing on the Difficulties and Expences their Creditors are put to in suing for the fame, under the present Laws; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the establishinga Jurisdiction within the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, for the more easy and speedy Recorery of small. Debts, would be very beneficial: And therefor© praying. That Leave may be given to bring in Bills for the several Purposes abovementioned, with such Powrers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Sebright, Sir George Sarnie, Mr. Morton, Mr. Legh, Mr. Sir

Mordaunt. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. DyJ'on, Mr. Townshend, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Filzmaurice, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mackworth, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sarjent, Mr. Byde, Calvert, yir.SandysfAr.Cholmley, Mr. Prefcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, Wilts, Devon, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William We, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Keddington, in the County of Lincoln, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Manor and Parish of Keddington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are Two Open, Common, Arable Fields, called. The East Field and West Field, lying within the said Manor and Parish, which belong to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Fields is dispersed, and is inconveniently frtuated for the several Owners thereof; that, if the said Lands were divided, and specific Shares allotted to the Persons interested therein, according to their respective Interests, such Division and Allotments would be very advantageous to them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House ilia.Il think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Whichcot, and Mr. C11JI, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jean Pierre Michel, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lewis, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Fonnereau, junior, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmefter,

6 A John

Keddington

Inclosure.

Michd’i

Nat.

Burmefter (and others) Nat.

Di^iffzed by

Doddington

Inclosure.

St. Botolph, Aldgate, Poor.

458 17° Januarii. A, ij66.

John Wienholt, and Julius Conrad was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Glynne, S\rCharles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Skiffner, M t* Morton, Mr. Upton, Mr. Sir Jarrit

Smith, Lord Coleraine, Sir JoJ'eph Man:bey, Mr. cedes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ward, Mr. Alderman Reckford, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Plainer, Mr. West, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fitzroy, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Cooper, Mr! Edmonfone, Mr. Grey, Lord Strange, Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Mr. Keck, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sa Mr. Price, Sir James

Da/hicood, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Burke, Mr.

Vane, Lord Canjsforf, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Sharpe, Mr. Onjlozc, Mr. EgeSir And they are to moet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Ix>t Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and of several other Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are become very numerous, and the Charge and Expence of their necessary Support very considerable; and that the principal Cause of the great Number and Burthen of the said Poor, as the Petitioners apprehend, arises by many Hundred Houses within the said Parish being taken on Leaf?, or otherwise, by a few People, which Houses are by them chiefly let out into Lodgings, or separate Apartments; and that such divided Houses do not pay any Thing towards the Poor’s Rates; and the Petitioners have not Power to compel the Landlords, or Lease-holders, of such divided Houses, to pay the same Rates; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if Power was given for better regulating, maintaining, employing, and governing the Poor within the said Parish; and to charge the several Landlords and Leafehoklers, who so divide their said Houses, with the Payment of the Poor’s Rates; it would be a Means, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Parish being more equally taxed, but also of lowering the said Rates, and tend greatly to the Benefit of the said Parish, and the Health, Welfare, and Preservation of their Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Glynne, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Bidler, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Price, Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Onjloiv, Sir Francis Vm ent, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Robert I-xing, Lord Strange, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Ward, Lord Ca-therlongh, Mr. Planter, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Burke, Mr. Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Vaughan, Sir William Baker, Lord Air.

Calvert, Sir James Dashwood-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, and Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cl amber; and have Power to fend for Per Cons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution an Adlmade in the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross-, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate-, and from OJfham, to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Suffer; and of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Safe.r; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Monies, which have arisen by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied according to the Direction thereof; and that great Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads; but the same cannot be efl’eftually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Roads from the Broil Park Gate, where the Turnpike Road from the North End of Mailing Street ends, cross the Broil, to

the Nursery, in the Parish of East Hothly, and from thence to and cross Eastons Green, to the Black Bey Green, in the Parish of From field; and from thence by Cross in Hand, in the Parish of Waldron, and the Sign of the Half Moon, in the Parish of to the West

End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etching-

ham and Bunco fit, in the said County; and also from the said Broil Park Gate, where the said Mailing Turnpike Road ends, over th eBroilPark, to and through Laughton Lane, to Ilorfebridge Turnpike Road on t he Dicker, and from thence by the Blackfinith’s Shop, up Horsebridge Street, to and through Gardiner's Street, Boreham Street, Standard Hill, Nenfield Green, and Cats field Green, to the Town of Battell, in the several Parishes of Laughton, Chiddingly, Haltingly, Haylfiiam, Hers Warding, Yew, field, Cats field, and Battell, in the said'

County of Suffer, are become very ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Tolls collected on the said Road, from the North End of Mailing Street to the Broil Gate, are much more than sufficient for the Payment of the Intercll of the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, and for keeping the said Road in Repair; and that, if one Moiety of the Surplus Money arising the reby, was appropriated to the repairing, widening, and amending the said Road, leading from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Well End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on Iiurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchinghatn and

Burwash aforesaid; and the other Moiety thereof was appropriated to the repairing, widening, and amending the said Road, leading from the said Broil Gate to the Town of Battell, it would increase the Fund wanting to amend the said several Roads, and be a better Security to the Lenders of Money thereon, whereby the said Roads would be the sooner made good, to the great Benefit of that Part of the Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Air.

Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Air.

Shi finer. Lord Thotnond, Sir Georg emit age, AI r.

hend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Paterson, Mr.

Air. Edmonstone, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Alexander Gil-

mour. Lord George Sackville, Lord Sir Ro-

bert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Hczvett, Lord Canjsforf, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Morton, Sir Edward Wilmington, Lord Coleraine, Sir John Griffin,

Mr.

Mailing Sticet near Levies Roac*

JO.

6 Geo. III. 170 Janua. 459

- Mr. Barrow, Mr. Nugent, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, Kent, Hants, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Stillington A Petition of Stephen Craft, the younger, Esquire, Inclosure. Lord of the Manor of Stillington, in the County of

and Owner of several Estates within the said Manor and Parish of Stillington, and also Impropriator of the Great Tythes there; of the Reverend James,

Clerk, Prebendary of the Prebend of Stillington aforesaid. Patron of the Vicarage of Stillington aforesaid, of the Reverend Lawrence Sterne, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, and of William Esquire, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being also Owners of Copyhold Messuages,.Cottages, Estates, and other Properties, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Manor and Parish, is a Common, or Wade, called Stillington Common, and also several Open Fields and Ings, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Common, Fields, and Ings, if they were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, and all Right of Common, and Average thereon, or upon any other Commonable Lands in the said Parish, were extinguished, or if the said Common was so inclosed, and a Power given to the several Proprietors and Owners of Estates, in the said Fields and Ings, to flat and inclose the fame, first making Satisfaction to the Impropriator for the Tythes thereof; and after the flatting and inclosing the fame, all Right of Common, or Average, wasto cease: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cholmley, Sir George Sand Sir Joseph

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

High Price A Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of of Corn, the City of London.

And then lie withdrew'.

And the said Petition Was read; Reciting, That, by an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, Returns are required to be made weekly to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by the Meal Weighers of the said City, upon Oath, of the Prices which Whgat, and the several Kinds of Grain, Meal, and Flour, fit for Bread, fell for in the Markets of the said City; and the Assize and Price of Bread is, by the said Act, required to be from Time to Time set by the said Court, if fitting, or by the Mayor of the said City, if the said Court should not fit, to be in Force for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, except as in the said Act is excepted; that, in pursuance of the said Act, such Returns have been, from Time to Time, regularly made upon Oath, by the Meal Weighers of the said City; and the Assize of Bread, to take Place and be in Force as aforesaid, hath been duly set by the said Court, or by the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, according to the said Act, and according to the Right and Custom of the City of London, and the Practice there used to set the fame; and that the Petitioners think it a Duty they owe to the Public, in the Exercise of this great Trust, humbly

Vol. 30.

to represent to the House, that it appears to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by such Returns made upon Oath as aforesaid, that the Price of Wheat fit. for Bread hath been, for Three Months pall, from Thirty-nine to Forty-two Shillings Quarter; and that the Petitioners observe, that, notwithstanding these high x Prices, a large Quantity of Wheat and Wheat Flour hath, within the aforesaid Time, been exported from London; and that, it being evident that the old Stock of Wheat was nearly exhausted when the new Wheat came to Market, and there being Reason to believe that the Consumption of the new Wheat will be increased in some Parts of this Kingdom, by the almoll general Failure of the last Crop of Barley, the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Fears, that if the Exportation should continue, this Nation may be so drained of Corn, as to be again reduced, as in the last Summer, to the Necessity of having Foreign Supplies; or at least, that the Price of Bread Corn will greatly advance, to the Distress of the Poor, and to the Prejudice of the Manufactures of this City and Kingdom in general; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the prohibiting the Exportation of Wheat, and other Grain, and Flour, for a Time, may be a Means of preventing this Evil: Arid therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into ConsideratioU; and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Artificers, and Manu- High Price fasturers in Cutlery Wares, and other Inhabitants, of ra* the Town and Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the present high Price of Bread Corn; and alleging, that the Petitioners have great Reason to fear, that, as great Exports have been, and Hill continue to be made of Wheat, encouraged by a Bounty allowed on Exportation, the Price of Wheat will Hill be advanced: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein, as shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Annual Committee of the General Ditto. Convention of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the high Price of Corn; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, that the immediate Stopping of any further Exportation of Grain or Flour out of Britain for a limited Time, is absolutely necessary, and would have a great Tendency to reduce the present high Prices of Grain, or at least to prevent any further Advance on them; and that if the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal, and Indian Corn, Duty free for a limited Time, were also allowed, it would be a great Relief to the lower Class of People in that Part of the united Kingdom, and particularly on the West Coall of it, where the Want is greatest: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises under Consideration; and to grant such Relief as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider of the Price of Corn.

The House was moved, that the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of °* Brecon; which was presented to the House upon nesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Verney, Mr. Kynafon,

Mr. Gwynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Brecon

Hoads.

City of London Paving, &c.

170 Januarii.

A \ 17

Fonnercau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Sir

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Plumer, Sir

Savile, Mr. Townshend, Mr. West,'Mr. Dclaval, 'Sir. Burke, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shiftier, Sir. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Ro-

bert Ladbroke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Price, Sir George Warren, Sir George Armitage, Mr Mr.

ton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Mr. Wed-

derbiim, Mr. Calvert, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord

mond; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and the Counties of Hertford,

Gloucester, Monmouth, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

The House was also moved, that the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Brecon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; which was presented to the House upon lad, and

then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And tire same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it i7ia.ll appear to them, to the House.

Tire House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, are in general ill paved and cleansed, and not duly lighted; andare also greatly encumbered with Potts, and annoyed with Signs, Spouts, and Gutters, projecting into and over the fame, w hereby they are rendered incommodious, and in feme Parts dangerous, not only to the Inhabitants, but to all others passing the fame, or resorting thereto; and that, by an Act passed in the 2zd and 23d Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the foie Power of ordering, designing, and regulating the cleansing and keeping clean of all the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said City and liberties} and the pitching and paving, with the Order and Manner thereof was vested in the M ay or, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, to be managed, executed, and done, by such Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Coun-.cil assembled, should' thereunto authorize and appoint, or by any Seven or more of them (being all Members of the said Court) and in such Sort and Manner, as from Time to Time should by them be found most convenient, for the public Benefit of the Inhabitants; and that the said Inhabitants having, ever since the pafttugof the said Act, continued in the Practice of paving the said Streets themselves, and the several Water Companies very improperly repairing the frequent Breaches made by them, the Provisions made by the said Act, as well as by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, for improving and cleansing the said Pavements, have not been of Force sufficientto obtain the salutary Purposes thereby intended; and that, by an Act passed in the 17th Year of King George the Second, for making more effectual Provision for enlightening the Streets of the City of London, certain Rates are directed to be assessed and levied, in Manner therein mentioned, for defraying the yearly Charges of erecting, lighting, supplying, and maintaining such a convenienfand sufficient Number of Glass Lamps, within

the said City and Liberties, as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City, in Common Council assembled, should think proper; but several of the Powers granted by the said last recited Act have been also found defective; and that the several Businesses of paving, cleansing, and lighting of the said City and Liberties, andpreventing and removing the said several Annoyances therein, might he carried on to more Advantage, and 1 letter answer the Intentions of the Legislature, if the same were managed and executed by the same Persons, duly authorized for that Purpose; and it would also tend to facilitate that Execution, as well as prove fonie Ease to the Inhabitants, if the several Rates and Assessments necessary for defraying the Charge thereof wereconfoli-dated and collected together, and made one joint and general Fund; and that the said Inhabitants, being burthened with a Variety of Taxes, cannot of themfeb es afford to raise a sufficient Fund, for so expensive an Undertaking; and therefore the Petitioners conceive, that it would be a Means of facilitating and expediting the said useful Works, if they were impowered to raise a Sum, by a Small Toll upon the Roads immediately communicating with the Liberties of the said City, or by such other Ways as the House flia.ll think proper: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein, and such other Aid and Assistance, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Anil it is referred to Sir Rober Mr. Alder-than Beckford, Sir Ricluird Glynn, Mr. Alderman Harley, Lord Strange, Sir John Glynnc Mr. Rigby, Mr. Parker, Lord Broxvnloiv Bertie, Mr. Fuller, Mr. , Mr.

Buller, Mr. Brand, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Nugent, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Price, Mr. Hewelt, Lord George,

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Sir

Wodehouse, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. , Mr. Ellis, Sir

William Meredith, Mr. Whitmore, Lord Cother lough, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Ilotham, Lord Villiers, Mr Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sharpe, Mr.

ter, Mr. Harris, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Grant, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Paterson ,* and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Hertford,

and Sujffex: And they are to meet' this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ami have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition Was read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Yean of his late Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered, not only to widen and rendei* more convenient such and so much of the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act annexed, in Manner in the said Schedule particularly mentioned, but also to design, make, open, and lay out, such new Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the Parts and Places particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule to the said Act also annexed, in Manner in such other Schedule mentioned; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to execute the Powers of the said Act, and have made a considerable Progrei's therein; but that certain.Doubts have arisen, whether the Schedules annexed to the said Act are thereby well and sufficiently referred to, by reason whereof the Petitioners are advised that all their Proceedings under the said Act may hereafter be drawn into

Question,

City of London new Streets*

6 Geo. III. 170 Januarii. 461

Question, and themselves exposed, by colour thereof, to vexatious Suits in Law or Equity; and that the Petitioners are also advised, that, td enable^thCm to carry the said Act into further execution, with Ease and Ad* vantage to all Persons concerned in Irtterest in the Premises referred to, in, and by the said Act, it will be necessary that divers of the Provisions in the said Aftlhould be explained and amended; and also that the Powers by the said Act vested in the Petitioners ilioukl lie enlarged and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act; and also to enlurge and render more effectual the Powers thereby granted, in such Manner as the House shall judge expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr. Kyn often, Mr. Alderman Beckfor Mor daunt, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Fonncreau, Mr. , Mr. Butler, Mr.

ler, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Slvff'ner, Sir Joseph Sir

George Montgomery Metham, Sir Smith, M r. Whit*

worth, Mr. Bofcaiven, Mr. Ridley, Sir James Dashxvood, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mr.

Onjlozv, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Morton, Lord

Brownlow Bertie, Lord Strange, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Lord Verney, Sir Sit Edward

Turner, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wood, Mr. Roberts, Mr. That-low. Lord George Sackville, Mr. Wedderburn; and all the

Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Hert-

ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber 3 and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wallingfon A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Arti-loull Debts. ficerSj and others, being Inhabitants of the Town of Croydon and other Places, within the Hundred of Wellington, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That many Persons frequently contract small Debts within the said Hundred, who, though well able, frequently refiife to pay the same, presuming upon the Difficulties their Creditors lie under' in faing them by the present Methods provided by Law; and that an Act was passed in the last Session 01 Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of of Bromley

and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Leffness, in the County of Kent, which the Petitioners apprehend has already been of great Service within the said Hundreds; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and many others, if the Provisions of the said Act were extended to take in the said Hundred of W>'aldington: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given te bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cdfc* federation of a Committee: And that they d© examine the Matter thereof; and report Ihe fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pturner, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mot* ton, Mr. Onslow, Lord Cary.fort, Mr. Fuller, Sit George

Montgomery Met hum, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lafcellei, Mf. Gore, Lord Vtrney. Lord Grey, Mr. y Sir Joint

Glynne, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mor-dauntfl r.Fonnereav, Sir Charles Bimbury, EordStrangC, Si r Geo rge A rm it age, IjOrd Brownlow Bertie, Mr. H&aett, SfirWilliam Baker, Mr. Willoughby, Mr Lord Fre-

derick Campbell, Mr. Barraxt’, S'ir JohrtGibbom, Mr. Cujt, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Dyfbn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Essex, and

Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records /

Vol. 30.

Mr. Fuller presented to the Hou fe, according to Order, Offices

a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua- and Jify themselves for Offices and Employments 3 and to in- mp °ymcn demnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of tire Militia, or Others, Who have omitted to fegifter or deliver in thfcirQ.uali(lcations Within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Titfie for those Purposes; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tittle.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Petty Bag Office* Ekdion. and the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, do attend this House, on Monday Morning next, with the several Indentures of Returns heretofore made of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of respectively in their Custody.

The House being informed, that fotne of the Cotn- Accounts; missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they Kart India were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Good*, lie. piirfnant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° r. An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, brought into the East India Warehouses at St. Helens, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1764 to Michael-

mas 1765; also what exported during that Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1765: And also,

N* a. An Account of prohibited Eitjl India Goods, brought into the Eitjl India Warehouses at Leadenhall and Bill iter Lane, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1764 to Michaelmas 1765; and also what exported during that Time; and What remained in the said Ware-houses at Michaelmas 1765: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in his Majesty’s Ware house in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1764; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1765: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be Worn in this Kingdom, i-tt the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1764; what have been since brought in; what exported; aS also what remained at Michaelmas 1765: And also, N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods,

Which have been dd iVefed out of the Warehouses at Sf.

Helens, Leadstthail, Billiter Lane, and Custom House, hi the Port Of London, since Michaelmas 1764, in order to be dyed, glared, and refreshadj what have been returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1765: And also,

N° 6. An Acooimt of Naval Stores imported from Jliffia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1764 to Michaelmas 1765: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported froth RttJJiainto the Ports Of England (commonly called the*

Out Ports) from Michaelmas 1764 to Michaelmas 176<:

And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, which have been-employed in the Whale Fishery to and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and;

Burthens; from whence they were fitted out, and aff what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity'of OH or Whale fins each Ship ha.* imported rn the Year 1765.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That' the said Accounts do lie Upon the Table, to be pdrufed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts me preserved amongst the other Papers Of this Session.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House; hat Tthe House Anf<*« attended His Majesty Yesterday, with their Address; to to which His Majesty was pleased to give this fliofk Addrtfi. gracious Answef:

6 B Gentlemen

Boffiney

Writ.

Person ordered to attend.

Importation of Salted Provisionf.

American

Colonies-

462 17 0 Januarii.A.& 1766.

Gentlemen, apprehended, without the immediate Interposition of

The Moderation and Temper with which you resolve Parliament; and that, in consequence of the Trade be-to enter into the Consideration of the important Affairs tween the Colonies and the Mother Country, as cOablilli-I have recommended to you, cannot but give Me the ed and as permitted for many Years, and of the Experi-greatest Satisfaction; as, from those Dispositions, I en- ence which the Petitioners have had of the Readiness of tertain the fidleft Confidence, that your Wisdom will the Americans to make their just Remittances to the ut-direct you to such Measures, as will insurethe common moll of their real Ability, they have been induced to Happiness and Welfare of all My Dominions, which make and venture such large Exportations of British will always be the invariable Objects of My Care and Manufactures, as to leave the Colonies indebted to the Attention. Merchants of Great Britain in the Sum of several Mil-

I receive your Condolence on the melancholy Event lions Sterling; and that at this Time the Colon ills, when of my Brother’s Death as a Mark of your Affection and pressed for Payment, appeal to past Experience, in Proof Loyalty. of their Willingness; but declare it is not in their Power,

1 shall be careful that My Conduct shall justify the at present, to make good their Engagements, alleging.

Confidence you so affectionately express, in My apply- that the Taxes and Rcstrictions laid upon them, and the ing properly such Supplies as you may find necessary Extension of the Jorifdiction of Vice Admiralty Courts for the Public Service. established by some late Acts of Parliament, particularly

by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Ma-Ordered, ThatMr.Speakerdoiffuehis Warrant to the jesty, for grauting;certain Duties in the British Colonies Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the and Plantations in , and by an Act passed in the

elect ing of a Burgess to ferye in this present Parliament Fifth Year of I lis present Majesty, for granting and ap-for the Borough of Bojjiney, in the County of Cornwall, plying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the

in the room of John Richmond Webb, Esquire, deceased. British Colonies and Plantations in America, with several

Regulations and Restraints, which, if founded in Acts of Ordered, That Mr John Tomhjns, Assistant Inspector Parliament for defined Purposes, are represented to have General of the Customs, do attend this House upon been extended in such a Manner as to disturb legal Monday Morning next. Commerce and Imrrafs the fair Trader, hare so far interrupted the usual and former most fruitful Branches Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported of their Commerce, restrained the Sale of their Produce,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the thrown the State of the several Provinces into Confusion,

Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parli- and brought on so great a Number of aft ual Bankrupt-ament, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, cies, that theformerOpportunities and MeansofRemit-Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited tances and Paymentsare utterly loft and taken from them;

Time, was committed; the Amendments which the Com- and that the Petitioners are, by these unhappy Events, remittee had madetothe Bill; and which they had directed duced to the Necertity of applying to the House, inorder him to report to the House; and he read the Report in to secure themselves and their Families from impending his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the RuiA; to prevent a Multitude of Manufacturers from be-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the comingaBurthen to the Community, ore’fe seeking their Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Bread in other Countries, to the irretrievable Loss of this Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Kingdom; and to preserve theStrength of this Nationen-severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. tire, its Commerce flourishing, the Revenues increasing.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be our Navigation, the Bulwark of the Kingdom, in a State ingvofled. of Growth and Extension, and the Colonies, from Incli-

nation, Duty, and Interest, firmly attached to the Mo-A Petition of the Merchants of London, trading to tbcr Country: And therefore praying the Consideration North America, was presented to the House, and read; of the Premises, and entreating such Relief, as to the Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been long con- House shall seem expedient,

cemed in carrying on the Trade between this Country Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

and the British Colonies on the Continent of North Ame- sideration of the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom rica; ami that they have annually exported very large it isreferredto considerof the several Papers, which were Quantities of Brili/kManufactures, consisting of Wool- presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon len Goods of all Kinds, Cottons, Linens, Hardware, TueJ'daylaft, by His Majesty’s Command. Shoes, Houshold Furniture, and almost without Exception of every other Species of Goods manufactured A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, Aramcn in these Kingdoms, besides other Articles imported from of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Colonic*, abroad, chiefly purchased with our Manufactures and Bristol, under their Common Seal: Aud allb, with the Produce of our Colonies; by all which, many A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Ma-thousand Manufacturers, Seamen, and Labourers, have nufacturers, of the City of And also,

been employed, to the very great and increasing Bene- A Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool, trading to fit of this Nation; and that, in return for these Exports, and from America, and the coast of Africa: And also, the Petitioners have received from the Colonies, Rice, A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Ma-Indico, Tobacco, Naval Stores, Oil, Whale Fins, Furs, nufacturers, of the Town and Parish of Halifax: And and lately Pot Aih, with other Commodities, besides also.

Remittances by Bills of Exchange and Bullion, obtained A Petition of the Merchants, and other Inhabitants, by the Coloniits in Payment for Articles of their Pro- of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, trading duce, not required for the British Market, and therefore to the several Colonies of North America, and of the exported to other Places; and that, from the Nature of Manufacturers of Broad Woollen Cloth, and fnndry this Trade, coulifting of British Manufactures exported, other Assortments of Woollen Goods, manufactured for and of the Import of raw Materials from America, many supplying the North American Markets: And also, of them used in our Manufactures, and all of them tend- A Petition of the Merchants of Lancaster, trading to ing to lessen our Dependence on neighbouring States, and from North America: And also, it must be deemed of the highest Importance in the Com- A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and mercial System of this Nation; and that this Commerce, Traders, of the Town of Manchester, and the Neigh-so beneficial to the State, and so necessary for the Sup- bourhood thereof: Apd also,

port of Multitudes, now lies under such Difficulties and A Petition of the Manufacturers of the Town and Discouragement, that nothing less than its utter Ruin is County of Leicester And also,

A Peti-

6 Geo. III. 17" — 20°

A Petition of the Clothiers and Manufacturers of Superfine Broad Cloth, in the Town of Bradford., in the Cqunty of Wilts

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaiuing of a greatDecay in the Trade to the North American Colonies, owing to the late Restrictions and Embarrassments laid thereon: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Sir. Secretary , upon lall,

by His Majesty’s Command.

Papers The House was moved, That the Order, made upon 1 American Tuesdaylaft, that such a Number of Copi es of the several

Coloaiec. Papers, which were that Day presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Comvayby His Majesty’s Command, be printed, as should be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

i High Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House to *f Corn, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Price of Corn; y Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. H, senior, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Cor" count of the Quantity of the different Species of Corn Mpor ' exported from England, with the Amount of the Bounty paid thereon, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1765.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, of Tuesday last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunacy 20° die Januarii;

Anno 6* Georgii III*" Regis, 1766. Praters.

LdcefU? f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ . for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

Voj,. 30.

Januanu 4

liament for the Borough of Ijeicester, in the County of Leicester, in the room of George Wright, Esquire, de-

ceased. [ ’

A Petition of Sir Francis ShipwBaronot, and* Bid ford Charles Henry Talbot, Esquire, on behalf of themselves, Inclosura.

and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds,' lying in the Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, called Bidford Common Field, in the Parish of Bidford, in the county of 'Wancick,'wa& presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner Sir Francis Shipwith is Lord of the Manor of Bidford, and Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of and is all'o

Impropriator of all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, and Hay, arising within the said Common Field; and that the several I^mds and Grounds belonging to the Petitioners and others in the said Field, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Field, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pnr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Moi'daunt, Sir Charles K Tynte, and Mr. Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Lowndes, Esquire, Lord of the Window Manor of Winjlow, in the County of Bucks, John Bate- luclosure.

bone, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Winjlow, William Burrell, William Hobbs, Thomas Blake, John Btidd,

Benjamin Ingram, Francis Collins, John Turner, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the*

Lands of the Petitioners, in the several Common Fields within the said Parish, lie intenmxed and dispersed, and, ’ in their present Situation, are in a great Measure incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for diriding ami inclosing the said Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to.bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Mr.

Drake, Mr. Shiffner, Earl Verney, Mr. Waller, and Mr.

Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Bobert Long reported from the Committee, to Horsley whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in exe- Upright Gate cution Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bozoden Hill, in the County, of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsdozon Hill, in the Parish in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Persons inhabiting near to, and usually travelling upon the said lload, and other the Roads therein mentioned; was referred; That the Com. . mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; ’

.and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ta- *. ble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; cn.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read.

Mr. Edward Fricker, Clerk to the said Trustees, was examined, who informed your Committee, that there is now owing on the Credit of the said Acts the Sum of £. 1,300; that One Part of the Road will colt a considerable Sum of Money to make it commodious and safe for Carriages; and the Witness said the same cannot be done, and the present Debt discharged, unless the Terms and Powers of the said AiSfs are enlarged.

That there are several new Roads branching out of

the

4^4 20° Janu 17

the Reads aforesaid, which are in a ruinous Condition, and in fotne Parts narrow, and that it will be of great Advantage to the Country if they were effectually repaired i but the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, One of the Twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from llorjlex)Upright , to the Top of dmon Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Hoads near or adjoining to the said Road: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Egerton, and Sir John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

JHnnlnpon A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, re^*nS n^ar> and usually travelling the High Roads therein aftermentioned, lying in the County of Derby aforesaid, whoseNames are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Worksop Turnpike Road, at or near Binnington, through and to

the several Turnpike Roads made upon the High Moors, leading from Ch to the several Bridges of Calver, Bajlow, Roicjlcy, Darley, and Matlock, all in

the said County of Derby, as also to the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield, in the County of York, to Hather-sage, in the said’County of Derby; and also the Road branching out of the abovementioned Road, at the Four Lane Ends, near Barloiv, in the said County of Derby, and leading from thence, through to

Chesterfield aforesaid, are become deep and founderous, and in several Parts thereof are so strait, as not to admit of the Passage of Wheel Carriages; by means whereof the said Roads are become very incommodious, and, in taany Places almoll impassable, and cannot be effectually repaired, amended, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Provisions. of the Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, or altering, the said Roads, therein beforementioned and described, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-ftderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Tou n/kend, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Buller, Mr.

' Butler, Sir George Snvile, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ward, Sir William Baker, Sir Charl Tynte, Mr. Dclaval, \jomlStrangc, Si rG' eorgeArm itage,

North, Sit* Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Rice,

Sir WiUifmi Meredith, M r. Brand, Si r Fletcher Sror ton, M r. Thurlow, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Prmofe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Edmonjtonc, Mr. Dy-Jbn., Mr. Morton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and York :' And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Heworth A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Durham, of ludofure. the Cathedral Church’ of and Blessed Mary the

Virgin, and of Charles Brandling, of in the County oiNorthumberland, Esquire; and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, I^elTees of and under, the said-Dban and Chapter, of Melftrages, Farmholds, I^ands, and Tenements, i» the several Town-ships. Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper Heworth, and Nether Heworth, hv the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, a Common, or Track of Waste Ground, called Heworth Fell Moor, or Common, containing, by Estimatiorr, 466

2Z

Acres, or thereabouts; which, in its present State, yields but little Profit to die Petitioners entitled thereto, and having Right thereupon: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fell, Moor, or Common, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Directions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, puv-ftiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Vane and Mr. Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Curtis, John William utt]e

Ha fleet, Edward Scott, Richard Curtis, Thomas Oakley, Hn-uood John Holdham, John Ming, Edicard William biclofuie. Curtis, James Adams, Kidgdl Scmdon, John Thomas Prentice, William Hobbs, John Hurst, John Turner, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying within the Common Fields, in the Parish of Little.

Horwood, in the County of Biicks; and that the Linds of the Petitioners therein lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, in a great Measure incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave He given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuantto the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Earl Verney, Mr. Drake, Mr. Waller, and Mr. KynqJton, do prepare, and bring in, the faille.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Godstone put in execution an Act passed in the Fourth Year of to his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to High Gate, in the Parish of East Grinjleud, in the County of Suffer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, pursuant to the Powers granted by the said Act, the l’etitioners have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Road, and for that Purpose have been obliged to borrow' a consideratrfe Snm- of Money, uja>n the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which flHl /remains unpaid; and the feme with Interest thereupon cannot be discharged, and the said Road be effectually amended and kept in Repair, uutefs the said Act be star-ther continued and amended^ and the Powers thereby granted be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a- Bill to continue the said Act; and also to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Orrfcm/, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr. Town- 1 Jhend, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Fa/’nabif, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Brand, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordavnt* Sin.

Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. FaneyNl t.Edmonstone, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rice,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shijjflner, Mr. Thwrloio, Mr. Sir

Richard Philipps^lv, Bolton, Mr. Mr. Herne,

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Onjloro, Mr...PreJeoE Mr. Co — ventry, Mr. Dyjbn, Mr. Vane; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties pi Surrey, Sussex, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports.: And' they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and lfeve Power to‘fond for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Lord George Sackville presented to thp Howfe, accord-' Tunbrkjjp ing to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping 10 in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, so r"*/

the

6 Geo. III. - so0 Januar4^5

the Coufiy of Kent, to the Cross Ways near ft fares field Street, in the County of And the same was re-

cerved; and read the First Time.

lle/vlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Colonies, of Frame, in the county of : And all'o,

A Petition of Merchants, Factors, and Manufacturers, of Birmingham, in the county of : And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City ot'Coventry, and the principalTradefmenattd

Manufacturers of Sdk Ribbands and NVortted Goods, in and near to the said City, whole commonSeal and Names are thereunto re!pcCtively affixed, in behalf of them* lVlves and others concerned-in the said Manufactures: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in the Silk, Mohair, and Button Manufactures, redding in the Town. of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine: And

also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers. of the Town of Slourbi'idge, in the County of Worcester :And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

M ere federally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a great Decay in the Trade to the Forth American Colonies; and praying the House to take the Premise9 into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Pa. pers, which were presented to the House - by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon Turf day

last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Gwcndraeth A Petition of Thomas Kymer, Esquire, was presented to

Ki»ijation. ^]ie ]qoufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised of several Veins of Stone, Crval, and Culm, situate at the Great Forest and Pioll in the Parish

of Langenderin and Pembrey, in the County oiCarmar-then, which now are, and for several Years past have been, worked by the Petitioner, and great Quantities of Coal and Culm have been conveyed from the said Works, down Great GivenRiver to River,

and from thence conveyed, by Ships and other Vessels, to several Ports and Places in this Kingdom and Ireland, to be used in the Drying of Malt, Burning of Lime, and other Purposes; that Great River is navi-

gable from the said Works only at Spring Tides; and running in moll Parts thereof over a wide Sand, is subject to perpetual Changes in itsCourse, on which account the Delivery of Coal and Culm, from the said Works to the 'said River of Kidicely, is rendered very uncertain, and Shipsaro frequently detained there for want of Loading, to the great Prejudice of the Owners of suchShips and the Public; and that a Navigable Cut, or Canal, is capable of being made from Little River, near the

Town of Kidicely, to the Great Forest and Pwll LLygod aforesaid, by which Means Ships and other Vessels may, at all Times and Seasons, be constantl v supplied with Coal and Culm from the said Works; and the Petitioner is willing and defirousto make and maintain such Navigable Cut, or Canal, at his own Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to make such Cut, or Canal, a* aforesaid, and such Works as may be necessary for the convenient Use thereof, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do- exa-

Vet. 30.

mine the Matter thereof; and.rr-porfcthe fame, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rice, Lord Frederick Camp* bell. Sir Jinny Bridgman, Sir John , Mr.

Sir William Codringtov, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr.

G wynne, Mr. Brand, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Mr.

Kynafon, Mr. Rlackjione, Sir John Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Them as Morgan, ju n i o r, Mr. C Kir, Martin., Mr. Iluffey, Kir. Trevunion, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Onjlcw, Mr.

Sir John Glynne, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Champion, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Harbord. Sir Charles ftfordaunt, Mr. Dyson, Sir Charles

Banbury, Sir John Delaval;and all tly* Members who

serve for the Principality of Wales:And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s.

Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Gh/nne reported from the Committee, to Burmeflef whom the Bill for naturalizing Hieronymus Henri) Bur-mester, John Wienholt, and Julius Conrad Bidder, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrqfled Bill to continue an Act, made in thebift Importation Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Seliiou of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the JLords, and defure their Concurrence.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Offices qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to _ ai?^ indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

A petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Merchants, High Prk< Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of ot (-orn-Norwich, was presented to the House, and fead; Setting forth. That, from the expefiive High Prices of tbp Necessariea of Life, particularly of Wheat, Rye, Prease,

Barley, and Malt, the Artisans, Workmen, and Labourers, in all the Branches of their Manufactory, arp reduced to the most deplorable Distress; and taking Notice, that, notwithstanding the plentiful Growth of Wheat last Year, the Foreign Demand hath been so great, that- the Stocks in Hand are nearly exhausted: And praying the Hpufe, to grant, such Relief in the Premises, as to the Nature of the Grievance shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Cpmndftee of the whole House, tp whom it is referred to consider of the Price of Cora.

The House was moved, that the Resolutionp, which. Importation upon the 32d Day of March last, were reported from the Exportation Committee of the whose House, to whorp it was referred 0[ to consider of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for permitting the Importation of Wool,

6 C and

Southwtrk

Streets.

20° Januarii. A. 17

and Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in to

any Port in Great Britain, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Import from Ireland of Wool,

" Wool-fells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool-flocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, " or other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures, " made up with Wool or Wool-flocks, hath of late " greatly decreased."

" ReJ'olved, That so much of an Act, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay " Yarn imported from Ireland to , and for the

" more effectual preven'ing the Exportation of Wool . " from Great Britain, and of Wool and Wool manufhc-

" tured from Ireland, to Foreign Parts, passed in the " 1 ath Year of King George the Second, as permits the " Exportation of the said Commodities from all the " Ports of Ireland to Great Britain, be repealed.’’

" Resolved, That an Act made in the 26th Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, " intituled, An Act for opening the Port of , for " the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from " Ireland, be repealed."

" ReJ'olved, That so much of an Act, intituled, An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool and " Woollen or Bay Yarn, from any Port in Ireland, to any " Port in Great Britain, passed in the 26th Year of King " George the Second, as permits the Exportation of " Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Wool-fells, Shortlings, " Mortlings, Wool-flocks, and Worsted Yarn, from any 4< Port in Ireland, to any Port in Great Britain, be repealed."

" Resolved, That, for the future, Dublin, Waterjord, " New Ross, Youghall, Kings ale,

Wexford, Wicklow, and Dundalk, fha.11 be the only " Ports in Ireland, from which Wool, Wool-fells* Shortlings, Mortlings, Wool-flocks, Worlled, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, " Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or any other Dra- pery Stuffs,-or Woollen Manufactures, made up with " Wool or Wool-flocks, shall be exported, to be brought " into Great Britain', and that Biddeford, Barnstaple, " Minehead, Bridgewater, Bristol, Milford Haven, Chester, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, shall be the

" only Ports in Great Britain, into which the said Commodifies shall be imported; except that Bay and " Woollen Yarn be permitted to be imported into " Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for more effectually preventing the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Mortlings, and Wool manufactured, from Irelandinto Foreign Parts; and for securing the same to be imported into And that Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fuller, the Earl of Thomond, Mr Kynaston, the LordSlrange, LordFredcrickCampbell,

Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Traders within Kent Street, in the Parishes of St. George, in the Borough of Southwark, and St. Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament, for a Bill to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and regulate, the High Street, in the said Borough of Southwark, and to remove and prevent Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and that, if the said Street, called Kent Street, from the West Corner of St. George's Church, to Lock Bridge, at the other End of the said Street, was to be included in the said Bill, the Petitioners apprehend, it would be of great Advantage to them, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing

through the fame: And therefore praying, That^he iafe Street maybe included in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to IheCon-

sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Tradeiinen, and others, Inhabitants of the High Street of the Borough in the County of Surrey, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the last Return for the City of in the County of SomerJ'et;

The Writ directed to the Sheriff of the County of So-merfet, for the electing of a Cii izeu to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, in the room of the Right honourable Hairy Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Digby, Baron J^igby of Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, called up to the House of Peers; was read.

And the Precept made by the said Sheriff, directed to the Mayor, Mailers, and Burgell'es, of the said City of Wells, in consequence of the said Writ, was also read.

And the Indenture of Return, signed by William Keate, Senior Mailer of the said City of whereby Peter Taylor, Esquire, is returned a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, was also read.

And the Petition of Robert Esquire, Mayor

of the City of Wells, in the County of SomerJ'et, w as also read.

Then Mr. Robert Bryant, one of the Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, was called in.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then Peter Taylor, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having admitted that the said Mr. Tuduay, the Mayor, was the proper Returning Officer;

A Motion was made, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the Indenture of Return of Peter Taylor, Esquire, as a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of SomerJ'et, signed by William Keate and others, the same not being signed by the proper Returning Officer of the said City.

Mr. Taylor withdrew.

Ordered, Nemitie contradicente, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the Indenture of Return of Peter Taylor, Esquire, as a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Win the County of merfet, signed by William Keate and others, 1 he same not being signed by the proper Returning Officer of the said City.

And he took the same off the File accordingly.

Then the said Robert Tudway, Esquire, was called in; and, at the Bar, produced the Return by him tendered to the Sheriff of the said County.

And then he withdrew'.

And the said Return was read.

And the House was informed, by a Member of the House, that he was present when the said Mr. Tudway tendered a Return to the said Sheriff, which the said Member believed to be the same Return now produced.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do' annex to the Writ the Indenture, whereby Robert Child, Esquire, is returned as a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of SomerJ'et, under the Common Seal of the said City, and signed hv Robert Tudxvay, Esquire, he being the Mayor and proper Returning Officer of the said City.

And he annexed the same to the Writ accordingly.

Ordered, That Peter Taylor, Esquire, and ail Persons claiming to have a Right of voting at Elections for Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City of Wells, be at Liberty to petition this House, touching the Election for the said City, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the further. Consideration of the Peti-

tioa

Wells

Election.

Customs; rel peeling ♦he making up of certain Accounts.

High Price ? Corn.

Supply.

Niry

and Army E ft i mares, &c.

6 Geo. III. 209 — 21° Januarii. 467

tion of Robert Tudway, Esquire, Mayor of the City of

Wells, in the County of Some, complaining of an undue Return for the said City, be adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Mr. John Tomkyns, Alliltant Inspector General of the Customs;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined touch* ing the Manner of making up some of the Accounts, which, upon the 20th Day of December laid. Were ordered to be laid before this House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Thelloufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Price of Corn.

Mr. Speaker-left the Chair.

Si rjofephMawbey took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Jojefth Mawbey also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Price of Corn.

Mr. Patcrfm, according to Order, reported from the Committee, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolu-' tion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Rifolved, Nemine contraaicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1765, have been disposed of; dil’tinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, endingat the 5thDay of April 1765, and the ioth Day of October 1765, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General F.ind.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciouliy plea fed to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay belore this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr, Prefcot have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an -Account* 3 Account of the Value of Brit if 1 Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported to the British Colonies in Expoui. North America, from Chrifmas 1739 to 1765;

distinguishing each Year, or as near thereto as they can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the British Colonies in North America, from the Year 1739 to the present Time, or as near thereto as they can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported from His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America to Great Britain, and likewise the Value of all Goods, exported from Great Britain, to the Sugar Colonies, from the Year 1761 to the present Tune, or as near as they can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till'Tommorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2i° die Januarii;

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have I^eave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That an F.ftimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1766, with an Estimateof the Halfpay of Officers of the Navy, and of such of the Officers A B I L L for dividing and inclosing the Open and D^jingtoa of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be 1V. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common lado"u*‘ laid before this House. IPaftures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waite

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Grounds, in the Parish of Great in the

Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

1766, be laid before this House. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller,

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Knightly, Sir John Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1766, Sebright, Sir Anthony Abdy, Sir Lord Fir-

belaid before this House. ney, M r. Scawen, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Mr

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Sir Jo Mawbey, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Sir

Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of Savile, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mr. Mr. For-the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the refer, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr.

last War, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1766, Pennant, Sir George Colebroolce, Lord Brozonloio , be laid before this House. Mr. Mr. Clive, Mr. Pmolett, Sir Jarrit

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Cotes, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Pensioners of Chelfca Hospital, for the Year 1766, be DeGrey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Price, Sir laid before this House. Mr. and all the Members who serve for the

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred. Counties of Northampton, Bedford, Lincoln,

and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this Hertford, and York: And they are to meet this Aticr-House. noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 30. A Petition

Anno 6* Georgii III. U Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

Coi*y

Incioiure*

Ke<kttngtoa

Iucioftsre.

Bath

Streets,

&c.

4

468 21 Jamtarii.A.

A Petition of the Right honourable Pont

del!, Baron Arundel, of IVin the County of Wilts, Drd of the Manor of Cork;, in the Connlv of Lincoln; the Reverend John Clerk, Vicar of the P rish of Corby aforesaid; the Reverend Wiieo.r, Clerk, ami Richard IVing, Gentleman, on behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Lands, in the Open Common Fields and Common Grounds, Ivin" and being within the said Parish of , wltofe Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, which may be very much improved, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the several Parties interested, if proper Provision was made for allotting, dividing, and inclosing thereof: And therefore praying. That Leavk may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under lueli Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord BrownlowBertie, Mr. Hewett, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brozvnloio Bertie presented to the House, ao

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Kcddington, in the County of Lincoln: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Sebright reported ffotn the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Roberts, Deputy TownClerk of the said City, being examined, said. That the principal Markets within the said City are at present held in and near the High Street',whereby tile Passage through the same is

greatly obstructed, and great Nuisances happen; and if Power was given to remove the said Markets, to some more convenient Place or Places, under proper Regulations, it would be of great Use and Convenience.

That several of the Streets, Ways, and Passages, within the said City and Liberties, and the Precincts thereof, are too narrow and incommodious; that these Inconveniences might be remedied, and several new Streets and Passages made, to the great Ease and Safety of Passengers, if proper Powers were given to widen or alter the said narrow Streets and Passages; and for those Purposes to purchase such Houses, Buildings, and Grounds as may be necessary.

That the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets and other Places, within the said City and Liberties, have hitherto been defective; and it would tend greatly to the Convenience

and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said City, and Persons reforming thereto, if proper Povvoin were gi>e;i to

save, cltun’b, light, watch, and regulate the Streets,-,anes, Ways, and Pillages, within the said Ciry, Liberties, and Precincts, an 1 to remove ail Nuisance and Obstructions therein, and to regulate the Pa! luge of Carts and Carriages through the fame.

That many Porfons frequently contrail small Debts, within the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, and refuse to pay the same, presuming upon the Difficulties-ami Expences their Creditors are put to in filing for the fame, under the present Laws; and that, the establishing a Jurisdiction for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts would be very beneficial.

That the present Law is ineffe -jual for supplying the said City, Liberties, and Precincts with fresh Water, although the Corporation are possessed of Springs, and have built a Reservoir sufficient for that Purposu; and that they might be very amply supplied, if proper Powers were given to the said Corporation, for com eying Water to and through the said City, Liberties, and Precincts.

Ordered, That Dave be given to bring in a Bill to remove and regulate the public Markets in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Wa*er: And that Sir John Sebright, Sir Jarrit. Smith, and Mr. Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precin/ fs thereof: And that Sir. John Sebright, Sir Jarrit Smith, and Mr. Pitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington-presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1765, to 24th December *766, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 17G6: And also, Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of December, 1765, to the 24th of December 1766, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment, of Two Troops of Light Dragoons and of Si k Regiments of Foot serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from 2.5th December 1765, to 24th December 1766, both inclusive. And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth j viz.

Army

EltimaicJ*

6 Geo. III.

21° jfanu

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty‘s Land Forces In Great Britain, from 25th December 1765, to 24th December 1766, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

[First Troop of Life Guards -

Second - D°

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -

Second - D* -

Royal Regiment of Ilorfe Guards -

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second - - D*

Third - - D* -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons Duke of Argyll's Dragoons. \ Earl of Albemarle's

Sir Robert Rich's -Lieut. General

Lieut. General -

Sir John Alorda -Earl of^Ancram's -

Light C Lieut. General Eliott's Dragoons. (. Colonel Burgoyne's -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards Marquis of Lome's 2d Battalion -

Colonel Robert Brudenell's - -

Major General Ru/ane's Lord Robert Bertie's Lieut. General Stavwix's Lieut. General Napier's General Harry Pi/l/e

Major General Keppel's Major General Gage's - -

Lieut. General Bofcaw

Lord George Lennox's -

Colonel Fletcher's -

Lieut. General Noel's

Major General Parker's

Late Lord Lindores's -

Late Major General Parker's

Major Ackland's - -

Late Major Clijfe's -

Lieut. Colonel Lind's -

Eight Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Foot.

Invalids.

Pedu6t, Maj. Lt. Enf.

f I^afe Lord Lindores's Regiment 012 From,) Ackland,'s - - 001

Invalids: j Cliffe's - - - - 1 o a

Lind's - - - 021

Total - -

Pay of the

Numbers. Troops and Regiments

for 365 Day*.

181 *7>6° 5 3 4

l8j - *7>6°5 3 4

177 - 10,870 18 4

176 - *°.743 3 . 4

3*9 *.034 — 26,054 184 4

345 18,878 2 n

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 i3 4

231 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 - 12,896 13 4

231 2,655 12,896 13 4

12,896 13 4

231 -

231 462 12,896 13 4

1,649 - 45,980 17 6

1,058 m m 29G59 *3 4

1,058 v 29,814 8 4

529 m 11,065 11 8

529 - 11,321 1 8

529 m m 11,321 1 8

529 - 11,467 1 8

529 m m 11,321 1 8

529 - 11,321 1 8

529 - n,32* 8

529 11,321 1 8

529 - 11,321 1 8

529 - .- 11,321 1 8

529 - 11,321 1 8

529 - 11,321 1 8

529 10,642 11,321 1 8

10,335 8

555 ' -

385 - 6,702 6 3

385 - 6.793 3

3*3 - 5.566 5 —

261 - ' 4.653 *5 —

208 3.74* 5

416 2i523 7,227

- 32,200 II

- - 20,000

17,3*6

Dead 10 m m

- 17,306 " ‘ P

Total.

82^879 6 8

i47»844 *5 5 25»793 6 8

252,619 10 Id

45,019 14 52,200 it —

6o6>357 4 9 748 5 —

605,608 19 9

I i

War Office, 21st 1766.

Barrington.

Vol. 30.

6 D

47©

a i Janu

A. 17 66.

"ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great , for the Year 17

x

For 365 Days.

General and General Staff Officers -

War Office, 21st January 1766.

Barrington.

1,291 8 6*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1765, to the 24th December 1766, both Days inclusive; being 3G5 Days.

Lieut. General Whitmore's Regiment of Foot

Sir Jeffery Amherfi's -

Major General Monckton's -

Earl of Panmitre's - - - - .

Lieut. General Warburton's

Major General Lord Touwjhcnd'u -

Major General the Earl of G

Major General Oughton's Lieut. General Leighton's - r -

Lord Frederick Cavendish's -

Major General Pierjan's -

I^ord John Murray's - t

Colonel William Home's -

Major General Clavering's -

Major General Orem’s - -

Royal American Regiment, a Battalions -Lord Adam Gordon's - - - '

General fambkm's- —

Major General Trapaud's-Capt. Piersons Independent Company -

Capt. Ml Mi Hub's Independent Company -Capt. Blane'sIndependent Company -

Garrisons in Worth America, viz.

itchy, Montreal, St. Angujtine, Pensacola, Mabille, and South Carolina -

Garrisons at Annaptd.itRoyal, John's

in Weud'ouwUttnd, Louijbourg?St. John's Pro-

...-iiideucc, and Bermudas -

Garrisons in the Island* of G, Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account

MINORCA.

Major General. Burton's Regiment Lieut. General A'Court's -twr John Griffin Griffin's - -

Lieut. General Stuart's

Officers of the Garrison, SCc.

Nmiu.

5°°

500

500

500

5<j°

500

5°°

5°°

500

500

500

500

500

5°°

500

1,001

500

500

500

7i

71

71

5 29 529

529

529

10,214

2,116

Phy of the Regiments, Arc. for 365 Days.

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709

10.709 21,674

10.709

10.709

10.709

L3 9° L39° I>39°

14 14

*4

14

>4 14 14

»4 14

14 14 t4 18 14 M M — 10

-- IO

-- IO

z

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

4

2

2.

2

11.321 i 8

11.321 1 8

n,3ii 1 8

11,32* 1 8

Total.

21,8,619 15 10

3,613 IO —

3,566-----

2*786 3 4

10*156 2 6

2,000 -

45,284 6 8 5>*9° 3 9

by i^-

6 Geo. Ill

21* Januarii.

471

Nvukm.

Pay of the

RcgtmtRtt,

Tofar-

GIBRALTAR.

Lord George Beavclcrk's Regiment -

Lieut. General Kingsley's -Lieut. General Cornwallis's - -

Earl of Loudoun's - -

Officers of the Garrison, Sc.

foe $6$ Day*.

5^9 5*9

5*9 5*9

11,221 I

U,3*l I

11.321 I

11.321 I

2, Il6

8

8

8

S

45,284 6 8

3,749 3

Provisions for Fifteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and , Sc. deducting 2 \d.per Diem out of the Subsistence of each

Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -

Provisions for the Forces in the Ceded Islands

Provisions for the Three Companies in Africa, deducting 2 $d.per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence t Remains to be borne by the Government - -

sw,a4» g 9

19,238 14 10

g>75* 6

14 lOi

1^,446

53,555 — 3t

394,595

34-

Towards which may be applied the like Sum of £. 2,321. I4f. 10 being Part of the Money voted in the lait Selfioq Of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Three Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for His Majesty’s Service in Africa, and for Provisions for the fame, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five; and which remains unapplied - -

Remains to be provided for

14 104.

392,183 6 St

AVar Office, zifi January 1766.

Barrington.

t

.Vot. 30.

ESTIMATE

Burmefter (and others) Nat.

Bfffingby

Inclosure.

473

2i° Jam

A. 1166.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Establishment of Two

Troops of Light Dragoons, and of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Hie of at,

t *

and the Ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1765, to 24th December 1766.

- Numbers. Pay for 36j Days. Differ E!fCK.

For the Pay of Two Troops of Colonel Hale's Regiment of Light Dragoons, according to the British Establishment, from 25th December 1765, to 24th December 1766, both inclusive -Paid by Ireland for these Troops, for the same Time . - Difference 1 5* 3.376 5 — 2,584 8 3 791 16 9

For the Pay of Lieutenant General Montagu's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment, for the same Time Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the feme Time . Difference; r 329 8,629 ,4 2 7,796* 2 6 833 1 8

Major General Toovcy's Regiment, the same - - r 4 329 - . 833 1 8

Major General Parjlaw's', the same |- - - ’ - 329 - 833 1 8

Sir David Cunyngham’s, the same - - - - 3*9, - - - 833 1 8

For the Pay of Lieutenant General Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment, for the same Time Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, for the same Time - - ' Difference 5°° 10,709' 14 2 7.753 — M 2,956 13 uf

For the Pay of Major General Lombard's Regiment of Foot, according ito the British Establishment, for the same Time Paid by Ireland for this Regiment, far the same Time Difference 33i 8,665 x4 7.753 — 2i 912 x3

Total r - 2,205 - *..... . - - 7.993 " 4

Wat Office, 21st January 1766.

----- Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrdfled Bill for naturalizing Henry

Burmcjler, John Wienholt, and Julius ConradRidder, was read the Third Time. ' -

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Bur-mester, John Wienholt, and Julius Conrad Ridder.

Ordered, That Sir John G do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Hudson, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of BeJJingby, in the East Riding of the County of York, Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of BeJJingby aforesaid, and also the Owner of the greatest Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township or Parish , and also of the other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, or otherwise interested, in the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wastes, of BeJJingby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds within the said Fields and Wastes, being intermixed and dispersed' in small Parcels, are attended with much Loss and Inconvenience to the Proprietors thereof, and, in their presentState, are incapable of much Improvement; and that dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Walles would be advantageous to all the_ Parties interested therein, and of Public Utility:

T9

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes abovementioned.

Ordered, That.Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Admiral Holborn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways or Roads thereafter mentioned, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presente ! to the House, and read-, Setting forth, That the High Roads leading from the Town of Beverley, by MoUcroft, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Kendel House, in the Road to Scarborough, and from aforesaid,

to BaintonBalk, in the Road to Malton, are lb deep

and ruinous, and in some Parts so narrow, that the same cannot , be sufficiently amended and widened by the Laws now in force: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr.

Ber-rlcvf

Slc.

R tails.

High Price 01 Coin.

6 Geo. III. 210 Januarii. 473

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Darner, Mr. Skiff- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ner, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. That the Importation of Corn and Gram from His

Kynaston, Mr. Burrell, Mr. JackJ'on, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, be Fitzroy, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bolton, allowed. Duty free, for a limited Time.

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Heivett, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Onslow, The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Harvey, Sir William, Me- Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, redith. Colonel Barre, Mr. Byde, Mr. Gufcoyne, Mr. agreed to by the House.

Selxoyn, Mr. Wood, Mr. Edmonflone, Mr. Fitzherbert, Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pur-Lord Carysfort, Mr. Jackson;and all the Members who suant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Joseph serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumber-Mazcbey, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Junior, Sir George land, Nottingham, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Armytage, Mr. Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir

and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Thrale, Mr.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Nugent, Sir George Savile, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Wedderburn, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Edmon-

stone, and Admiral Holborne, do prepare, and bring in4 Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported the fame, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider of the Price of Corn, the Re- Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to fblutions which the Committee had directed him to their Address to His Majesty,

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and Surplufes, dated the Fifth Day of April 1765: And Surplufc*. afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where also,

the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. Surplufes, dated the Tenth Day of October 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

That the Exportation of Corn and Grain, Malt, Meal, The said Surplufes are preserved amongd the other Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, be prohibited, for a Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof

limited Time. are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

6 E

abstract

ABSTRACT of the said Sitrplui

D

eg'

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND....

To Cash remaining in the Exchequer the 10th of Qflober 1764 -To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1765; mix. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

517,124 14 \\

83.973 H IO

326,279 5 6£

D'.

C '

,»5aoi47* *9

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant

to an Act 11° Georgii i"1*, Page 146 ....

To Monies brought to this Account the 5th Day of April 1765, pursuant to the Act passed the 2$° Georgii ‘i*1, for consolidating the Funds; viz, £. 1. 4.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii act, for the

Service of the Year 17*51 - 15,264 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted

per Act 16* Georgii 2di - -- 10,419 — —

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18°

Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745 ----- 15,374 *7 ij

The like of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by sn Act

190 Georgii act, for the Service of the Year 1746 - 23,855 18 4

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted

by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - 48,752 1 6

The Income of the Duty on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the

Service of the said Year ----- 29,394 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act 21°

Georgii z*\ for Service of the Year 1748 ----- 137*045 4 7

The Duty of 6 /. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6° Georgii imi,

for the Service of the Year 1720 - - 45 3 1

To the Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of, Gold or Silver Plate, granted from the 5th July 1759, per Act 32®

Georgii2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to said Act - 1,929 - —

To the Duty of 3 /. 4//. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2*, Page 5 rt in that behalf - 115,613 18 8

To the Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from Briiifl or foreign Feu it or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii zf, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 27° Georgii 2*,

Page 218 - - - - -.....- " 957 — r —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2al, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act

28° Georgii 2^, Page 4$ 7 -.....- 22,840 4 2J

To the Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2d‘, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England) brought to this Account, pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii zAi - 5,856 x 8

To the Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2s, Page 312 - 34,851 — —

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account, pursuant

to one other Act 29® Georgii ld‘, Page 323 ----- 5,224 — —

To the several Rates and Duties payable to nil Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account, pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2dl, Page 332 7*064 — —;

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30" Georgii 2*, brouent to this Account, pursuant to an Act 32*

Georgii i* - - - ~ - - - - *6,653 — —

9*7,377 14

66 13

6{

7

dated the 5th of April 1765.

Vi

4*

Per Contra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor ttnd^crtn^Hiy of the Bink of Englartsfot Half a Yeti's Inlcreft, due the 5th of January 1765, befog after the Rate of £,.yper Centum per Anrnm, on the principal Sum of£, 33,127,821: 5 s. 1 £<sVsubscribed 46 the Joint Stock of j£> 3^*r Cm/, transferable Annuities at the Bank of England? pursuant to the Ash 25®, »8% -9°, 3*VaBd 33° Georgii act, and 4* Georgii 3*1*. in that Behalf - -

By D?, for Charges of Management of "the said 'Annuities for the fan* Half Yftr -By the said Chief Cashier of the Govefhor and Company of the Bank of England, irk Half* Year’s Interest, due the 5th of Apririf6\, befog after the Rate ofj£\ 3 per Cent.ter' AAna*r, on the principal Sum of 17,701,323. 161. 4 d. the'Amomtt of the Joint Stock 01 Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, purfiutfiYt to the Act 2 5* Georgii-24*, iitthat Behalf By D°, for Charges of Management of these An unities*-for the same Half Year

By the Chief Cashierof the said Governor and Company of the Rank of EkgUucrl, f6r Haifa Year’s^ Interest, due the $th of January 176j;bSth£after thtfilatf of£. 3. ios.perCentum-pm Annum,-on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,06*, Pait o?£ 2,000,000 lent oirCredfc of this Fond, towards the Supply granted for the SeVvice'oFthe Year "i 736, pursuant to the Act 29? Georgii *4*,. Page 224, in that Behalf ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the fame'Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said yth of Jankmy 1^65, befog after the Rate of £, ^per Gen tamper Annum, on the principal Sum of 2,100,000, transferable at the Sr/i-House, lent* on Credit of this Fund towards the Supplygrsfoted for the Servictrof the'Year 175 i,5>urfua«t te the Act 240 Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf By the Company of Merchants trading to the South' Seas; See. for Haif a Year’s Allowance for* Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf - -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on fingkLitves, payable at the Exchequer* granted bty ait Act 30° Georgii id', and charged on this Fund by an Atdt’^a0 Georgii 2di, for the Half* Y'ear ended, the 5th of January 1765 ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Gnvemor ’and Company, of the Bank of Englkndy for Half aYenrV Annuity, due the said 5th of January 1^65; dn the principal Sums of £.8,240,006^0 Annuities granted by an Act 33° Georgii adi, ami £. ii,000,000, in Annuities, granted by art. Act 20 Georgii making together £. 20,240*060, whith were made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities, transferrable at: the Bfcnk of England^ by the-AfV i? Georgii 3lli; Page 211 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Y*ar -

41-3

93.

l7 *i~ 4*97* 9

26,2^0* — — 421 ty 6*

31.50®*-----

59a 12 6

i6;us 13 9,

404,800 — —

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank* of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3*n» for 99 and 98 Wars; which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th of January 1764, by an Act 4* Georgii 3}", P-age 325, lor the Half Year ended the 5th of January 1765 124,123 —

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - - - 1*74> 10

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five Millions,- borrowed pursuant to Act 310 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758, which said Managements is charged on this Fund, by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761, for the Half Year ended* the said 5th of January 1765 - -- -- - - -- 0406 5 —

By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Cofopany of the Batik of England, for Half a Year’s interest, due the 25th of March 176$* being after the Rate* of £, 4 pet Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 31483,553* I/. iod. the Amount0/ the Navy. Victualling, and Transyort Bills, and Ordnance Debentures subscribed for Annuities, charged on this Fimd by an Act 30 Georgii 3114, Pages 256 and 257, which Sum 16 to be replaced to this Fund out of the Supplied to be granted m the ntxt Session of Parliament, after ilUting the fame, as by Clause in the.dame Act, Page 265, in that Behalf 69,671 1 a

OS

G\

- 5,4*# i6 2}

o

c*

p

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like "

To D° - of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors,

To the SubGdy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 3

Georgii a*1, brought to this Account, pursuant to the Act 330 Gtorgu*

Page 305 - " 1|0>l4-r

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, the like - 4*7°5

To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like . - - aJa09

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by kn Act 24° Georgii a-, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act i° Georgii 3

Pages 217 and 218 - - r - - - - . - a4»°37

To the Income of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act

33#G*wgi? a4, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - t4,»J7I

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act a9 Georgti 301, brought to this Account pursuant to D9, Page 218 To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act a° Georgii 3111, Page 189 -'To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 33° Georgii a*1, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3m, Page 197 -To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted bV an Act i° Georgii 3tU, brought to thin Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii j111.

".393 3

a, lif

3 >.9*3

j7,i88

66,653

- 10*

Page 326

-44.6*3 — —

1,180,940 ij 9

>,108,385 I 10J

£. 3,6*8,857 1 si

-i — T~ b a — r

D

cq'

N

CD

Cl

O

By Cash taken to m$ke good the Deficiency 6tt the Jth of January 176;, of the fereral Rate* and Duties upon Offices arid Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Light*, which were made a Fund per Act 3 i° Georgii act, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of £. 3. 10/. per Centum on ^.4,500,000, and £.$ per Centum on £. 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year s758* which Su n is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament; as yer CJaufc in the said Act, Page 746, in that

Behalf.....- 17,260 f6 2}

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 3th of April 1765, of the fereral additional Duties upon Wtnes imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perryt which were made a Fund by an Act j3 Georgii jtii, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum on £. 3,560,060 borrowed towards the &uf>ply granted for the Service of the Year 1763, which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 328,

in that Behdlf I5>3,9 TS "

By Cash paid the U&er of the Exchequer, for Necessarles FurnHhed the Exchequer Bill

Office.....- - 43 11

By, Cash taken in full of £.2,000,000 granted out of this Fund, towards the Supply of the Year 1764, pursuant to an Act 4° Georgii 3UI, Page 248, in that Behalf - M*4

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1765, pursuant to an Aff 5 Georgii yh Page 679 - -- -- x3 fi2,3 5

By Calk taken in Part of £.2,100,000, granted out of this Fund towards the Supply of the said Year 1765, pursuant to the said Act 50 Georgii 3th, Page 679 - - 616,790 n

£. 3,628,857 Si

Si

7*

__4

10

This being the Eighty-fifth Haff-yeifrly Acfcbutft, rtiide up pOrfusnt to1 Afl 9° dedrgti 1% Page 36ft 1% humbly presented this aift Day Jdnkdry 1766, by

Grty Cooprr*

the

of

t

1

-a

6 Geo. Ill

ABSTRACT of the said

D

cq"

--h

n'

CD

CL

cr

The EXCHEQUER to the STNKIVG FUND....

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the ioth Day of Othler 176$; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - -

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

To Monies brought to this Account the loth of OSlaber r765, pursuant to the Art pafleJ 250 Georgii 2^, for consolidating the Funds; *viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted by an Act 40 Georgii 2dI, for £. j. d.

the Service of the Year 1731 - -16,111178

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted

per Act.s l6J*/ 170 Georgii 2* - - - - 10,489 4 4

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Art 180

Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - - 32,068 13 I

The like of the Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Art 190

Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1746 ----- 21,844 — 4

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Art 200 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - -55,171 2 10

The like of the Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the said Year - -- 22,324 — 6|

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Art 210

Georgii a4*, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - - -203,168 17 3l

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted per Art 6° Georgii imi

for the Service of the Year 1720 ----- - 425 ll 4

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending of.

Gold or Silver Plate, granted from 5th July 1759, per Act 320 Georgii 2di, and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Art - 4,837 8 6

To the Duty of 3 /. 4 d. per Rulhel on Salt, brought to this. Account pursuant to an Art 26° Georgii 2 :i, Page 51, in that Behalf - 105,760 14 Io

To the Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted pa' Art 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to the Art 270 Georgii 2dl,

Page 218 ----- 3,815 — —

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Art 20 Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to thr Art 28° Gtbrgii i*1, Page 457 -" - - -' - - - 29,606 17 1 if

To the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued pa* Art i° Grcrgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Art 28°" Georgii xdl -' 21,667 17 10 To the Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Art 290 Georgii 2riV

Page 312 - - - 21,202 6 9

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Art 29* Georgii 241, Page 323 ----- - 4,561 24 4

To the several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Stiver Plate, brought to this Accpunt

pursuant to one other Art 29* Georgii 2^, Page 332 - - - 6,420 — —

Toth? additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Art 30° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Art 320 Georgii 2d - - - - 31048 8 9

To the additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -- - 8,381 9 ij

To the Surplus of the new Duty on Ucences for retailing Wine, the like - 12,249 15 6

To D°----- of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - 15,168 — —

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Art 320.

Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to the Art 330 Georgii 2dl,

Page 305 128,357 18 4

To the additional inland Duty on Coffee, the like - - 5*17 7 — —

To the additional inland Duty, on Chocolate, 1 he like ..... 1,227 — —

£ '

780, s29 >5 ni.85<5 is 384-35

O I*

J.

3i

4*

10

1,296,717 3 6

O

Surpluses, dated the ioth October 1765.

Per Contra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1765, being after the R.ate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 33,127,821. 5 s. i\d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Centum transferable Annuities at the Bank of England\ pursuant to the Acts 250, 28°, 290,

32°, and 330 Georgii 2*, and 40 Georgii 3^1, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the said Chief Cashier* of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the roth of October 1765, being after the Kate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323. 16;. 4 J. the Amount of the Joint Stock of Annuities trnnsferrable at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act as° Georgii 2dI, Page $98, in that Behalf -

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By the Chief Cashier of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 10th of October 1765, on £.620.000 consolidated with, and added to the above Joint Stock of £. 17,701,323. i6x. 4d. by an Act of 50 Georgii 3tU, being Part of £. 1,502,000 the Amount of the Annuities and Lottery established by the said Act -

By the said Chief Cashier more for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said ioth of October 1765 on £. 300,000 (other Part of the said £. 1,500,000) which the Proprietors have Liberty to exchange for Annuities on Lives with the Benefit of Survivorship to be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the 5th of April 1766 -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th of July 1765, being alter the Rate of £.3. 10;. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, Part of Two Millions lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 2 / Georgii 2di, Page 224, in that Behalf - . ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year -By Half a Year’s Annuity, due the said 5th of July 1765. being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of ,£.2,100,000, transferable at the South Sea House, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 2di, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due at the same Time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf ——

By Cadi taken to anfsver Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii act, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2'Jl, for the Half Year

ended the 5th of July 1765 - ....

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Three Quarter* of a Year’s Annuity, due the ioth ot Othber 1765, on the principal Sums of £. 8,240,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 33’ Georgii 2dl, and £. 12,000,000 in Annuities, granted by an Act 2 ' Gevgti 3tM, making logether £.20,240,000, which were made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Cetvum Annuities, transferable at the Bmk of England, by the Act 20 Georgii Page 211 ——

By D°, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for Three Quarters of a Year, ended the said 10th of October 1765 -

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 2J Georgii 3lii# for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th January 1764, by an Act 4’ Georgii 3tfi, Page 345, for the Half Year ended the 5th July 1765 -

By D°, for Charges of Management ot these Annuities for the same Half Year By the said Chiet Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Charges ot Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of Five ^Jillions borrowed pursuant to an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758; vvh'ch said Management Is charged on this Fund by a Clause in the said Act, Page 761, for riic H tif Year enaed the said 5th of July 1765 -

C'.

£ i. d+

496,917 6 4*

9*36 S ill

*65>S»9 j7 4>976 9 loi

9,000 — —

4*500-----

26,250 — — 421 17 6

31,500-----

59° 12 6

16,056 2 6

607,200 — —

4*

Vl

On

8 538 15 —

1 1 C* M

i,745 10 t — r — 1 Os

1,406 5 — Ot

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24* Gcarpi 2 , brought to this Account parftianr to an Act za Georgii 3til, Pages z 17 snd zH To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors granted by an Act 33° George 2 , brought to this Account pursuant to IV. - - - - '

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3" , brought to this Account pursuant to D’, Page 218 -

To the Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by one other Act 20 Georgii 3*", Page 189 -To the Duties upon Mast, granted by an Act 330 Georgii ziX% brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3tU, Page 197 -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an A l ln Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3th, Page 326 -To the additional Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, C*. granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 50 Georgii 3UI To the additional Duties on Policies of A:furancef the like - - '

tj»\t —

75*73°-----

36,439-----

28,047 18 9 266,425 — —

*47»379 -

1,3 04 14 %\ 35* *6 4

*>546795 8 7}

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1765, for the Purposes following, by the Act 50 Georgii 3rl1, Pages 686 and 687, in that Behalf; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum issued out of tlue fame, for paying Annuities, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum, for the Year ended the 29th of September 1764, which were granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transporc Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty - 139,342 2 4

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1764, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which v/ere made a Fund by an Act of the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England\ in respect of Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1748 48,176 1 u|

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th of October 1764, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act of the 3d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paying Annuities, in respect of £-3,500,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763 - 49,742 1 2$

..... 237,260 5 6

3,080,772 17 7*

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

74.569 »s .>»*-

By the Chits Cafltier of the said Governor aid Company of the Bank of F.ngfnJ, to reimburse Fees p*«d to the Auditors of His Majesty’s luiprefts, for’rxamining and auditing Accounts of Monies fflacd for paying Annuities at the Bavik of England, in the Years 1760,

1761, aivJ T762 - 13,4.98 16 7

By IV, to reimburse Fees paid to the said Auditors of His Majesty's Imprefts, for examining and auditing the Accounts of the Contributions for Annuities, cAc. in the same Three Years 1760,

1761, and 1 762 -----.....1,600-----

By the Secretary to the Managers of the Lottery estabjiflied by an Act 5® Georgii 3tU, towards defraying th" incident Charges attending the said Lottery ..... 1,000 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 29th of September 1765, being after tho Rate of £.4. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.3,483,553 I s. lod. the Amount of tht Navy, Victualling, and Transporr Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed for Annuities, charged oa this Fund by an Act 30 £* #. d.

Georgii 3*, Pages 256 and 257 ----- 69,671 1 z

By 5°, for Charges of Management of riiefe Annuities for Two Years and an Half, due the said 29th of September 1765 - -4,898 14 9I

Which Sum of £.74,569. i$r. 1 if d. is to be replaced to this Fund, out of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after ifiiiing the fame, pursuant to a Clause in the same Act, Page 265, in that Behalf. fiy Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th of July 1765, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act 310 Georgii 2di, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, after the Rate of 3. 10 j. per Centum, on £. 4,500,000, and £.3 per Centum on £, 500,000 in Lottery Annuities, making together Five Millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 746, in that

Behalf - -- -..... *8,300 11 8

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency on the 10th of October 1765, of the several: additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry, which were made a Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3^, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England,-after the Rate of £.4 per Centum on £.3,500,000 borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763; which Sum is to be replaced to this Fund out of the firfV Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 328, in that Behalf ----- 13*91 *7 6

By the Commissioners for managing His Majesty’s Stamp Duties, to defray the necessary Expences incurred for carrying into execution an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, for granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America* to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Monies that shall arise by virtue of the said Act, as per Clause in the same Act, Pages 306 and 307 - - . - - - 4*947 5 11

3y Cash taken in further Part of £. a, 100,000 granted out of this Fuud, towards the of the Year 1765 pursuant to an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, Page 679, in that

Sfir

t>334»9/8 10 — i 3,080,77a 17 7l

is being the Eighty-sixth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act I. Ge»(gii imij Page 367, is humbly presented this 21st Day of Jammy 1766,

This by me

Grey Cooper.

<1

vj

6 Geo. III. 21 ° Januaru.

47*'

'll* Januarii.

A. 66i

Navy

Estimate.

Ordered, That the said' Surpluses do lierupon the The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for Table, to beperufed byihe Members of the House. the Year 1766.

The said Estimate is preferred amongst the other

Mr. Charles Townjhehd,1 from the Commissioners for Papers of this SelBon j and the Abstract thereof is as executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great followeth; viz,

Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A BST R ACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1766.

N*

1.

To the Right honourable’ the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain-, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -, - -

s- d.

Superannuated Sea Officers - -.....21415 8 1

Pensions and other Allowances - - - - 7,062 o 9

r Chatham Deptford

Yards, e

'Woolivich'

Pqrtfmouth

SkeenieJs

Plymouth

3,295 1

3,142 n 4 2,520 8 8

4,054 14 6

1,813 4 6

3»245 9 6

Muster Mailers and otlmr Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships ;and Vessels in Ordinary -

Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of Harbour Moorings, aftd Harbohr Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty V Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, Sc. - -; - -

Half-pay to Sea and Maride Officers ——

*5-

16. Bounty to Chaplains

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1766

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1766, Ten thousand Pounds ——

£. s. d. $3>943 4

28,277 8 to"

18,071 10 O

3>325 6 II

53>M8 14 9

23,302 4 2

51,069 0 0

103,614 0 0

97,000 0 0

1,231 17 6

412,983 6 3

IO, OQ» o O

422,983 6 3

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1766, amounts to Four hundred Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence.

G. Cockburne, Tho. Slade, E.

T. Brett, R. Osborn, Bateman, R. Temple.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders;

Accounts; An Account of the Value of the Imports into '"and"5 England from the North American Colonies, from Exports. Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1763, distinguishing each Colony: And also,

..An Account of the Value of the Exports from x6

land to the North American Colpnies, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Sc. of the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Sonier/et , was presented to the House, and read; complaining

AmrficM

Coloticf’

6 Geo. Ill; 2 t"- 22

of a great Decaj’ in their Trade to the North American Colonies, owing to the late Restrictions laid thereon: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, as shall seem meet.

American \ Petition of Edzoard , Agent for the Co-v domes. j0^y of Virginia, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Act for granting and applying certain Stamp and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in towards further

defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the fame; and alleging, that, whilst such Act was depending in the House, the Petitioner humbly offered a Representation, " That the Inhabitants of Virginiawould be most severely aff'efted by it; that the

" enormous Expences of the late War, and the very " low and declining Value of Tobacco, had occasioned " the extremest Distresses amongst them,‘and reduced " Credit to so low an Ebh, that Securities were required in the most trifling Transactions; and praying M<that their unhappy Circmnstances might be taken " into Consideration;" that the Petitioner was then informed, " it was contrary to the Law and Usage of " Parliament, to admit any Petition against a BUI, to " impose Duties on His Majesty’s Subjects;" and was thereby precluded from laying before the House such Evidence of his Constituents Inabilities to support an additional Burthen, as, he humbly conceived, would have procured them an Exemption from a Tax, which, they apprehend, will be extremely grievous: And praying, That the indigent Circumstances of the said Colony may now be taken into Consideration, and that they may obtain such Relief in the Premises as the House , shall think meet.

Diuo. A Petition of William Knox, (Agent for the Province

of Georgia, in America, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Act subjects the Inhabitants of the said Province to the Payment of Taxes, which are much heavier than their Circumstances can bear, and which are required to be paid in a Manner not in their Power to comply with; and that the Petitioner is instructed to pray the House, that the said Act may be repealed.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, upon the Fifteenth Day of in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceeding of the House, when the Petition of Middleton

Esquire, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Owners of Property in South Carolina, was offered to be presented to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And tire said Petitions, now presented, were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon this Day Sevennight, by His Majesty’s Command.

The other Order of the Day being read;

High Price The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

of Corn, whole House, to consider further of the Price of Com.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Maivbcy took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Maze hey reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution , which they haft directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Joseph Mazobey also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they mav have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 30.

6 j 'tanuarin 479

Resolved, That this House iviii, Tomorrow Morn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of the Price of Chni:

And theh the House adjourned till To-mbrrdw Morning; Nine of the Clock;

Mercurtif 22b die Jaituarii

Anno 6* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1766.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Owners; Proprietors, and Persons . Nahuft interested in the Common Arable Fields, Com- Inclosurei man Meadow Grounds, and Common Pasture, or Moor, thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor' and Township of Nabunij in the East Riding of the County of York, Four large Common Arable, Fields, called, the Southfield, Bujkfield, New field, and Millfield,

Three Closes, or Parcels, of Common Meadbw Ground, called, the Little Ing, Marsh, and Thackmire; and also . a large Parcel of unmclosed Pasture Ground, called the

Moor, or Common, which Premises are capable of great. Improvement, if divided and inclosed, and ttye Petitioners would be greatly benefited thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Arable Fields,

Common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Moor, in

the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the County of

York.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skuttlavorth and Sir George Montgomery Methavt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the Gw<?ncfrartft

Petition of Thomas Kymer, Esquire, was referred, That. Navigation, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed*; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Phillips, being examined, said. That Mr. Kymer is the Owner of several Veins of Stone, Coal, and Culm, fttuate at the Great Forest and Pzdl IJygod, in the County of Carmarthen, which are now, and have been worked by him for several Years; and that great Quantities of Coal and Culm have been conveyed from the said Works down Great Gwendraeth River to Kidwely River, and there put on board Ships and conveyed to several Parts of this. Kingdom and Ireland, and the same is used in the drying of Malt, and burning of Lime, and other Purposes.

That Great Givendraeth River is navigable only at

Spring Tides, and running over a wide Sand, is subject to perpetual Changes in its Coui fe, upon which Account the Delivery of Coals into Ships is very uncertain; sometimes Ships lie Two Months for want of Lading; that the Barges, though laden, cannot get down the River.

Mr. Richard Evans, Surveyor, laid before your Committee, a Plan of the intended Cut or Canal, and said, that a navigable Cut or Canal, may be made from Little Gwendraeth River to the said Works; and that Ships by means of such Cut or Canal may be constantly and regularly supplied with Coals and Culm from the said Works; and confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable Thomas Kymer, Esquire, to make a navigable Cut,

or Canal, from Little Givendraeth River, near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great Forest and Pwtl Llygod, in tin!

Count/

480 2 2° Januarii. 17

County of Carmarthen: And that Mr. Bice, Sir John Gb/nne, Lord Frederick Campbell, and Sir John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Southwark Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to 8traets. whom the Petition of the several Merchants, Tradesmen,

and otlters, Inhabitants of the High Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Traders within Kent Street, in the Parishes of Saint George, in the Borough of Southwark, and Saint Man), in the county of *Surrey; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared 1 to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

' In support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Levy, and Mr. John being

severally examined, said. That the said High Street is in general very ill paved, and that if Power was given to new pave and regulate the said Street, and to maintain and preserve the Pavement there; and also to cleanse, light, and watch the said Street, and the several ..Places immediately adjoining thereto, and not being Thoroughfares, in a proper Manner, and to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Street and Places aforesaid; and be of public Utility.

Upon the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Balph

Leveling and Mr. Stephen Collins, informed your Committee, That if Kent Street was included in the above Regulation, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame, as the said Street is at present in very bad Repair with respect to the Pavement, and ill cleansed, watched, and lighted.

A Member present confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the High Street and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame; and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places ad joining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets: And that Sir JoJ'eph Sir

John Glynne , Mr. Thrale, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. On-fozc, and Sir Robert La do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mailing Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Street the Petition of the Trullees for putting in execution an ^CRoadWCS mat^e *n the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, to lVitch Cross, and from the North End of Mailing Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate, and from Off'ha in, to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Sussex;and of the Justices of the Peace,

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Sussex; was referred; That the Commitee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; add he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the iiune was read; and is as followeth;

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Sir. Francis Wheeler informed your Committee, That the Monies which have arisen by virtue of the said Act have been duly applied, and great Progress made in amending the said Roads, but the same oannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor 16

the Money due on the Credit of the said Act he repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued and enlarged:

That the Roads leading from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road, leading from the Turnpike Road on JIurst Green, through the Parishes of Ktehingham and Burwash; and also the Road leading from the said Broil Gate, to the Town of Bat tell, through the several Parishes and Places described in the Petition, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be eft'eftu-ally repaired and widened by the ordinary course of Law:

That by the said Act, Hi region is given for keeping separate Accounts of the Tolls collected upon the respective Roads described in the said Act; and the Witness Ihowed to your Committee, That the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, on the Road from the North End of Mailing Street to the Broil Gate, is more than sufficient to keep the same in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof; ' and that there is'(at present a Surplus, which if applied to the Repair of the said new Roads, it would fee a great Benefit to the Country, and a better Security to the Lenders of Money thereon, as the said Roads would be the sooner repaired by the additional Number of Persons that would be encouraged to travel thereon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road lead-ingfrom the Turnpike Road on Hurfi Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash % and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of in the said

County: And that Mr. Butler, Sir Joseph Mazcbey, and Mr. Comptroller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Wallingttw whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Small Debts. Artificers, and others, being Inhabitants of the Town of Croydon, and other Places, within the Hundred of Wattington, in the County of Surrey ,was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the ’Sune, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joshua Beddozv and Mr. James Glover, being examined, said. That many Persons frequently contract small Debts within the said Hundred, and though able, often refuie to pay the same, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in l'uing them by the prclient Methods provided by Law.

Mr. John Baker, being examined, find. That he has seen the execution of the Act passed last Session lor the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmad Debts, within the Hundreds of Black)\ealh, of Bromley and Beckenham,

of Rokesley, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Leffhefs, in the County of Kent -,winch he thinks has produced many good Effects, and has been of great Advantage within the said Hundreds.

And the Two first Witnesses said, That if the Provisions of the said Act were extended to the Hundred of Wallington, it would be of great Utility to the inhabitants of the said Hundred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring la a Bit! for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley, otherwifcilaj&y,

and

Ad (’refs; Ell i mate*, &c«

Moorfields

New

Buildings*

&c*

6, Gzck III.

22- fanuarii.

and of tattle atld Leffness, in the CoUhty of Rent, to the alias is willing and Consenting lb graht the m

Hundred of Wellington, in the County of d’w; rey: And

‘that Sir Francis Vincent and Sir JoJ’eph do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that fhtir Address of Monday lull, That his Majesty would be gracioutly pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, L ift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid koforc this Iloufr, trad been presented to ftrs Majesty j

titioner a proper Lease for a sufficientTerm of Years; lor the Purpol'es aforesaid, but is not at present enabled lb to do by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to carry the said Undertaking into execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pill, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioil of aCommittee: And that they do exami«e the Matter

and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them;

this House, that he had given Directions accordingly.

to the House.

The House divided. Tile Yeas went forth.

A Petition of Thomas Long, of the City of tendon,

Merchant, was presented to the House, and read ^Setting forth. That there is a certain Parcel of Ground, commonly called the Upper and Middle Moor-fields, which, , fSir Robert Ladbrokes

together with other Lands, is trow held by the City of s t o:

37-

London, by virtue of and under a Lease from the Prebendary of the Prebend of alias Finjhury,

fonnded in the Cathedral Church oVS'uint Paul, London, of which Seventeen Years are yet to come and unexpired , and that the said Ground is at present unoccu-

Sb it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it was referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir

William Beauchamp Profit or, Mr. Prefcot, Mr.

Mr. Fdmo>i/tone, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Upton, Mr. 4

pi'd, and a public Nuisance, being a Receptacle for idle Mr. Lord Me through. Sir George,

and disorderly Persons 5 but is conveniently situatedfor Lord Strange, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. the Purpol’es of making a proper Reservoir of Water, Tmvnjhend, Lord Mr. Cooper, Mr. San-

from whence the different Parts of the City! of London dys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Thrale, Mr. , Colonel

may be supplied, on a sudden accidental Fire, with a Ba rr<r. Sir A lexander Gihnour, M r. Sir Robert

sufficient Quantity of Water, the Want of which has Mr. Lord Sir

been so lately andfo unfortunately experienced by the Grenville, Sir Charles Bitnbury, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Jenkifi* Petitioner, and many other Sufferers; and that the Lef- /oh, Mr. Joseph Alazvbey, Mr. Comptroller,

fees of the London Bridge Water Works are under Cove- Lord Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bacon', Mr. Pryfe, Mr*

nant with the City of London to supply such aRefervoir, Dyson, Mr. Weji, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. tv hen made, with a fuffleient Quantity of Water; and Mr. Fidler y Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mi Al4

that the Petitioner likewise proposes to erect, upon the derman Mr. Ryder, Mr. Shifter, Mr.

said Ground, properand coiweriient Houses, which areat Sir Mr. Ridley, Mr, , Mr. Sharfye,

present much wanted for the substantial Inhabitants and Mr Mr.

Merchants of the City of Londonsand that the Petitioner Sir George strmitage, Mr. Pandas; and all the Members is willing to oblige himself, his Heirs, and Assigns, to w ho servefor the County of Middlesex, the City otZ*on-makeanakeepin Repair the said Reservoir, inlasufficient don, and the Counties of fyfi'x, , Surrey, arid Hert-

Manner to be always ready for Use, in case he shall be ford: And they are to meet.this Afternoon, at Five of impowered to purchase the present subsisting Term of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power the Lease of the said; Spot, or Parcel of Ground from to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who the said City of London \ and the said Prebendary shall come are to have Voices, be impowered to grant to the Petitioner a I^ease of the said Premises for a sufficient Term of Years 1 and in case Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their the Lessees of the said Loncfon Bridge Water Works shall Address to His Majesty,

be obliged to supply the said Reservoir, when made, with Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance a sufficient Quantity of'Water, pursuant to their Agree- for the Year 1766, Land Service, ment with the said City; and that the Reverend Chriflo- And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

pher Wilfm, D. D. the present Prebendary of Halliwell, The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

Ordnance

Estimate.

48 a

4 a’ Januarii. A. 17 66.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1766.

Pay of Civil Officers^ and Artificers at \

LAND SERVICE:

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Maga-. zines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

" Gibraltar and North Britain Minorca -

St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Placentia in Newfoundland Annapolis Royal -East Florida -

West Florida -

Granada, Dominica, Tobago, St. , and

other ceded Islands.

Quebec -

Pay of the’Corps of Engineers - -

' Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1791 Men, Officers included -

Efiabliffiment of the Academy at Woolwich ' F.fiublishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -Pay of Mailer Gunners and Gunners ®f the several Garrisons in ' Great Britain -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America,

' land, ami the West India Islands - -

‘ Pay of an Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and

Minorca . -....

‘ To Lieutenant Colonel Samuel Cleveland, in consideration of his Services, till' fitch Time as he Hia.ll be entitled to the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel iii the Regiment of Artillery VTo Lieutenant General William Belford, for his good Services,

‘ pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 17 June 1765 To John Chalmers, Elljuire, late Major of Artillery, in consideration of hisServices, pursuant toHis Majesty’s Warrant 17 June

1765 -

To Lieutenant'Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the

Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 31 July 1765 Pay of fupe. annuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served'well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa,\he £4/? and West Indies, with the Half-

pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

EXTRAORDINARIES: C Gibraltar

Towards carrying on the For-1 p " ,

tif, cations, building and rc-J R<yal

pairing Storehouses, and' supplying Stores at -

St.John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour in Newfoundland - -

Towards erecting thenew Fort at Arderfeer Point, near Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks in

Scotland....

Towards repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness and Gillingham Towards repairing the Forti fications at Portsmouth and G of port -Towards completing the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel Towards finishing a new Magazine for Gunpowder, and other Buildings necessary thereto, at Purfleet in -

Towards building a Powder Magazine at Jamaica, the old one having been blown up - -

Repairing the Storehouses, and rebuilding the Wharf at Kingston in Jamacia -

To pay John Campbell, Esquire, for the purchase of Lands sX Arderfeer in North Britain, on which Fort George is built Pay of civil Officers and Artificers at New York -

£. s. d.

36,256 12 6

1,047 5 —

1*297 2 6

L099 u 3 611 7 6

657-----

967 5 —

1,076 15 — 843 10 — 8,093 17 6

58,34^ 4 a

1,000-----

867 5 —

5,648 7 6

456 5 —

3^5 — —

9i 5 —

- 328 10 —

*73 *5 —

365.- — —

8,939 10 10

6.000 — —

5,200-----

1.000 -

500-----

1.000 -

7.000 — —

1.000 — —

500-----

1,500-----

500-----

5.000 -

1.000 -

1,479 8 10

4,733 6 8

511 — —

128,627 8

> Pay

6 Geo. III. 12° Januarii

Pay' of Engineers, Officers, Commissaries, Condu&ors, and Artificers, with the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces at several Places in North America - -

Two-hundred Tons of Salt Petre - - * 4

Expence of Services performed, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1765:

Pay. of Officers at the Settlement of Halifax in Nova Scotia, frotn 1 January to 31 December 1765 - -

Pay of Officers that attended the Four Companies of Artillery, late in 'East India, to their Arrival in England -To Lieutenant General William Belf for his good Services, from 1

June to 31 December 1765, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 17 June 1765 - -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in confederation of his Services, from 1 May to 31 December 1765, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 17 June 1765 - -

To Lieutenant Colonel William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging, from 19 July to 31 December 1765, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 31 July 1765 - . - -To Captain Lieutenant John Williams, Engineer, in consideration of the great Losses he sustained in the Service, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 17 June 1765 - - - - , -

To rebuild and finish 75 Feet of the Cobb Wall at Lyme Regis, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 26 April 1765 -Arms delivered to Two Regiments of Dragoons, the Second Battalion of the First Regiment of Guards, the Fourth, Eleventh, Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Sixty-sixth Regiments of Foot, and to several others, in lieu of the like Number worn out and rendered unserviceable; also to Three new raised Independent Companies of Foot; pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 12 December 1764, 12 and 29 April, 13 and 31 May, 5, 8 and 21 June, 5 and 27 August, and 18 September 1765 - -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Fifteenth Regiment of Light Dragoons and Forty-third Regiment of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 29 May and 6 August 1763 -

Tents delivered for Use of the Twenty-first and Thirty-first Regiments and Three Independent Companies of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 26 March and 10 December 1765 Drums and Colours delivered to the North Battalion of the IJamp-shire Militia, and also the Expence of repairing the Arms of the - Middlesex Militia, and supplying new ones in lieu of those

rendered unserviceable, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 25 March and 5 July 1765 - -

Ammunition delivered to Twenty-nine Regiments of Militia for their Annual Exercise, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 May

1/63....

Towards the Charge of £. 24,812. 45. id. for Guns, Mortars, and -Ordnance Stores, lent to Minorca for replacing those expended and rendered unserviceable in the late Siege of St. Philip's Castle, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 7 November 1765 The Charge of Engineers and other Persons font to St. John's, Newfoundland, to survey the Harbours, and to report what Fortifications may be necessary to be erected for the Security and Defence of the Fishery, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant 1 May 1763 -

Money issued to answer Bills drawn by the Paymasters to the Trains of Artillery in North America, for Contingencies -‘ Money issued to answer Bills drawn on account of £. s. d. repairing the Fortifications and Barracks at East

Florida: - - - - -314116

West Florida - - - - 1,673 18 3

Money issued to answer Bills drawn on account of building Barracks and Storehouses at the Ceded Islands Building of Barracks to lodge Troops in the Castle in the Isle of Man, and supplying them with Bedding, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order June 1765 -

Townshend,

Vol. 30.

Charles Frederick, W. R. Earle.

Charles Cocks.

I. S.

5,894 15 — 9,000-----

483

L

51,818 10 6 180,445 19 3

374 2 6

481 2 —

192 12 —

183 *5 —

166.-----

600-----

i,5®°-----

6,052 13 .6

60 14 11

*3°-----

325 *3 3

1,241 131

8,000 — —

1,003 2 6

8,608 5 —

1,988

2,318

1 »734

9 9 6 5,

ib 3

35,061

215>.e>°7

6

5

2

5

Ordered,

484

JcftoMtiU

A\ 176$.

Papers

tefprtting

American

Colonies.

Address;

American

Colonies.

Ordered, That the said Estimato do lie Upon the ^able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary Comeay preferred to the House> by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Moore, to General

Conway, New York, 21st Nov. 1765.----- It. 17th

1766.

New York, 23d October, to 151I1 1765.-----

Minute of Council relative to the Stamp Act; and on the Oaths being administered tp Sir Henry Moore, Baronet, as Governor in Chief.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Comeay, upon the Fourteenth Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the Other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Planta-tiens, to prepare and lay before this House, a State of the Annual Expence of the several Establishments of the

British Colonies in North America and the West Indies, with the Amount thereof^ distinguishing each Colony respectively; and likewise a State of the Debts incurred by the British Colonies in North America and the

High of C

om.

Rebuilding*, and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1766.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That an F.ltiniate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1765, be laid before this House.

The House being informed) that Mr. Canine, Clerk of the Company of, Mercers of the City of ,at*

tended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the ioth of October 1764 to the " ioth of October 1765, directed to be laid before each " House of Parliament, by Two Acts, one of the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London; and the other of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Indies, as they flood at the End of the late War, difiin- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

guishing what Part of the said Debts, remains undischarged, and the Provision made for such Discharge, according to the Jateft Accounts received of the several Matters abovementioned.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Clergy, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the Borough of in

the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufactures, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing to the HoUfe, the distressed Condition of the Poor of their Neighbourhoods, occasioned by the high Price of Corn: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Relief therein, as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Price of Corn.

American

Colonies.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bttrgefles, principal Inhabitants, and Traders in the Woollen Manu-factory in Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; complaining Of a great

Decay in the Trade to North America: And praying such Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. Exportation of Corn, might he read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And the same being read accordingly;

Consideration of the Committee of the whole. House, Ordered, That it bean In Ur action to the said Com

to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, iliittee, that they do consider of the said Act. which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary ri TT -r — - i~-

Navy

Debt.

Accounts fro'n th* Mfrcer'i

Company.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Setliou.

Sir JoJ'cph Mawbey according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Price of Corn, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetfi , viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this-Committee, That Liberty be given to import Oats into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty free.

The said Resolution, being read, a Second Time, was, upon the Qucilion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Pill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir JqJ'eph Mawbey, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Dempster, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Weddef-burne, Lord Frederick Campbell, and Mr. Edmonstone, do

prepare, and bring iii, the fame.

Ordered, That Richard Savage Lloyd, Esquire, faqve Leave to flay in the Country, upon account of his Health.

High friee of Com.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve it fell' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Pfiqe of Corn;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Firit Year of the Reign of King Williavt and Queen

the

Leave of Absence.

High Price of Corn.

N*vv

Estima'.e.

Comeay, upon Tuejdaythe 14th Day of this Instant January, and upon this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That afi humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions tolheproper Officerstolaybeforethis House, an i Jtimate of vftiat may be necessary for the Buddings;

l7

Then the House resolved itself into the said Corn-

mittee.

Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee'/ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the Morning,

House adjourned till Nine of the Clock.

Tomorrow

Blaby

intlofurr.

Maugrrlbury

lntlofuie.

Horsley Upright Gate Road.

t. Batolph, Aidjrate, Poor.

6 Geo. III.

2 3° Januarii.

485

Jovisy 2 30 die*Januarn;

Anno 6° Georgii III,!I Regis, 1766* Prayers.

AP£TIT LON of Thomas Maior. Gentleman, Lord of the Manor of Blaby, in the County of Edu ard Stokes, Clerk, Incumbent of the Rectory and Parish Church of Blaby aforesaid, William Bentley, Esquire, Richard Bruin, and William Freer, Gentlemen,

and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pashire and Waste Grounds, in the Parish o aforesaid, was presented to the I louse, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Proprietors, and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows and Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the said Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much if any Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows and Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-’ suant to t.he Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Brudenell, and Mr. Keck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor, Rest or, and several of the Proprietors, of the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Hamlet of Maugersbury, in the Parish of Slow on the Wold, in

the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet, several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioners, and divers other Persons, which lie intermixed and inconvenient for the several Owners and Proprietors; and that if the same were divided and inclosed it would be very advantageous to the several Owners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and Open Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fuller, and General Whitmore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, one of the Twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horjlcy Upright Gate, to the Top of Kingsdoivn Hill, in the county of ; and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition olf the Churchwardens and Over-seers of the Poor, and of several other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Fi/her, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, being examined, said. That the Parish is very populous, and the Houses are in a great Measure occupied by poor VOL. 30.

/ Manufacturei\s and labouring Persons, whereby tlid Poor are become very numerous; and that the Charge Of maintaining such Poor hath amounted for several Years pall to £. 1,600 per Annum, or thereabouts.

Mr. Thomas Sabe, Churchwarden, and Mr. Griffith Stephens, one of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. and

further said, That they apprehend the principal Cause of the great Number and Burthen of the Poor arises from the Number of Houses within the said Parish which are let into Lodgings of separate Apartments, there being upwards of 600 of such Houses, which do not pay to the Poors Rate, and not above 550 which do pay.

That if Power Was given for the better regulating, maintaining, and employing the said Poor, and toeharge the several Landlords, who so divide the said Houses, with the Payment of such Rates, it would be a Means of more equally taxing the Parish, lowering the said Rates, and tend greatly to their Benefit, and to the Welfare and Preservation of the Poor therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Thenfoid

otherwise Fenford, in the County of Northampton, of Inclosure, the Rector and Incumbent of the Parish and Parish Church of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands and Eflutes in the Open and Common Fields of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Estates, and other Properties in the said Fields, lie Intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels: And therefore praying, That I,eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame, and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Townshend and Mr. Jenkinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Charles Cotterell Dormer, Knight, Steeple Aftoa Francis Page, Esquire, and Jacob Watjbn, Gentleman, Inckrfme. Lords of the Manor of Steeple AJ-in the County of Oxford, and the Reverend John Noel, Rector of the Parish of Steeple Ajton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the said Parish, which are of small Advantage to the Proprietors, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Dashwood and bAc.Hewett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according WallLgton to Order, a Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, small Debt* made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokejly, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lejfness, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey:And the same was receivedj and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

6 H A Pc-

Waltham

lodofure.

Croxton

Inclosure.

Braunston

Inclosure.

486 2 30 Januarii. A. 1166.

A Petition of the Most noble Duke of Owner and Proprietor of far the greatest Part of the Lands and Grounds, lying within t he Parish of Waltham, alias Waltham in IheWolils, in the County of Leicester,

and the humble Petition of the Reverend-----

Rector of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, containing a,000 Acres, or thereabouts; which, in their present Situation, are incapable of great Improvement; and that the Division and Inclosure thereof would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and also to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bib, pnr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thoroton, Mr. IJewett, Lord George Sutton, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mod noble John Duke of Rutland, Owner and Proprietor of all the Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish of Croxton, alias Croxton in tl»e County of Leiatfler, and Impropriator of the Great Tythes thereof; and the humble Petition of the

Reverend----- Browne, Vicar of the said Parish, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, containing by Estimation 2,100 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of great Improvement; and that the Division and Inclosure thereof would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and also to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, rfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that r. Thoroton, Mr. Hexoett, Lord George Sutton, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mod noble John Duke of Rutland, Owner and Proprietor of all die Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish of B alias Branston, in the County of Leicejer, and the humble Petition of the Reverend----- Marlin, Rectos of the said Parish, was

presented to the House, and road; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, containing by Estimation 1,500 Acres, or then about.s, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of great Improvement; and that the Division and Inclosure thereof would he advantageous to the Petitioners, and also to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Arable Fields and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Heioett, Lord George Sutton, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr.Rice presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Kymer, Esquire, to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Little River,

near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great Forest and Pioll Llygod, in the County of Carmarthen: And the same was received; and read the Eirft lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, that His Majesty would he graciously pleased to give Directions, that the State and Estimates therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Admiral Keppel (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1766.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate iq as followeth;

Gwendreath

Navi^atkin-

Answer

to Aridrefr for Elttmates, dec.

Estimate* Ire. from the Admiralty.

s*

r

u

O

Navy-Office, 23d 176(7.

Aw ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above 1 what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1766; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 2 2d Instant.

Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich

Guns.

Chatham

D

(Q

r — 4-

N'

CD

CL

cr

Sheemejx

fortfmmtXK

O

o

0§

FT

74

QO

64

60

64

£0

64

g

18

74

50

74

T

64

50

64

Ships Names.

Magnificent Marlborough Egmont -Ship to be set up in room of the Jicait

:S

Queen -Prudent -Captain -Conqucjladorc -

Intrepid -

"j

Nature of their Repair.

Building -

Building -

Barjleur -London -Raijondble Orford Panther -

Ship to he set up on 7 the Auroras Slip -3

Carysfort -New Ship

Ajax

Warwick

Lenox

Valiant

Nanutr

Modefie

Chatham

Elizabeth

Worcester

Large;

(For preparing her? ( Frame - -j

Building -

Large Middling -

Building -

Budding - m

Middling -

Small -

(For preparing the ir?; \ Ftamea. ->|

Tunc when to be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand

In Hand In Hand

In Hand

- - a.

In Hand

In Hand -

fn Hand In Hand

In Hand -

Completed.

August next March 1767 Uncertain -

Charge of their

Hulls, Marts, and Yards.

Uncertain -June 1767 -April next -Uncertain -

Uncertain -March next Uncertain -June 1767 -December 1766 -

April next

Uncertain -By the Time the 7 Bason is finished J December next -Marck next November next -March next

13.738

12,500

4.75°

;oo

ii,5°°

6.500

3,250

4,000

1.500

IT, OOOO 5,000 5,000 10,000 8,000

500

2,000

2,000

7.000 4,189

10,097

IU599

4.253

1,986

2.000 800 600

Rigging and Stores.

6,000

tOO

5.633

5*728

3,000

500

1,642

3*568

4,229

1,627

3,963

3.185

Total.

*9.738

13.000

4.750

500

*5°° 6>5°o 8,883 4»oooo

i»5oo

1 i>oooo Io>728 5>oooo 13>oooo 8.500

5©o

3,642

2»oo.

7,000.

4,i 8q

*3,665

*5,828

5,88o

6*949

5,i8r

80S

600

OO

vk

6 Geo. III. of Jatiuarii,

wtK‘&

Plymouth

Works proposed i Estimate for

At PortJ'shout

At Plymouth.

At Jamaica.

At Portm

7°

64

ICO

64

74

60

‘74

Bayne -

Trident -lltnjal George Bienfaisant Dublin Montqgxie

Royal Oah

Building -Middling -

Small

C For preparing her7 \ Frame - - 3

In Hand In Hand

April next -Uncertain -December nes Uncertain -Uncertain -

Grand Total -

- 4.369 6,000 10,369

- 4,000 - 4,000

t - !3>:»00 1,240 14,740

4,870 4,870 9.740.

- 6,500 2,680 9,180

t - 1 3»529 4.279 7,808

* 500 - 500

£ 1-4 OO V» C-n CO O 58,644 240,174

Total for the Ships brought forward - - - - -- - _ _ 240,174

0 be carried on in His Majestjr’s Yards, on Docks, Building Slips, Wharfs, Storehouses, SCc. over and above what are provided by the Ordinary the Year 1766:

rowards taking down the old Piers of the great Wet Dock, lowering the Apron and Bottom of the Dock, in order to increase the Depth of

Water for large Ships, making new Piers, and repairing the Sides of the said Dock, and carrying on the Repair of the Bason Dock - - 12,000

To completing the Foundation of the Launching Part of the new Slips, and filling in the Ground to the Northward of them - 2,62b

Towards carrying on a Stone Wharf at the Front of the new Storehouse on the East Side of the Cambre, the old Wharf being of Wood and

much decayed ----- - ----- - 4,500

Towards levelling the Ground and laying the Foundation of new Rope Houses in room of others out of Repair and too small for the Service of

the Port, and carrying a Master Drain under the Foundation thereof - ----- - 4,000

Towards carrying on a new Stone Wharf on the South Side of the South Channel, from the North Pier of the new Building Slip to the Well

Side of the Mud Dock, for an Anchor Wharf for the Fleet - - - 5,000

Towards the Repair of the Careening Wharfs and Store I loufes in Port Rm/al - - - - . - - .- - - - 6,000

For the Purchase of Saffron Island, and towards preparing the same for Careening Wharfs, for heaving down Ships of War - - - 3,000

Grand Total

37,126 - £.277,300

00

00

D

Os>

o

ABSTRACT:

For the Ships - - - ,ctlr '

v Rigging and Stores

For other extra Works -

, £ 181,5307

58,6 it j

Grand Total

2+0,174. 37>126 £2 77>300

Txa. The Sum of Two hundred Seveaty-seven thousand and Three hundred Pounds, G, Cole bur ne, J< Williams, Mffon, T, Brett.

►«4

<1

os

CA

6 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

B^<too A Petition of the Most noble George Duke of Marl-lftcioturc. borough. Lord of the Manor of in the County of Oxford, together with the humble Petition of the Reverend Benjamin Hulhncay, Rec for of the Parish of Btadnn aforesaid, waspnefented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of afore*

said, which are Computed to coUfill of 16 Yard Lands, 13 Yard Lands of which are the Property of the Petitioners; that the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in their present Situation, afford' but little Prolit to the respective Owners; and, while the same remain Open, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, Thai Leave may be given to bring in' a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under Inch Regulations and Re-lirietions, as to the House shall feeih meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

fUiTuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ord Charles Spencer and Sir James Dashwood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tart-Tfctta A Petition of the Court of Directors of the United Cwnp*ny t Company of Merchants of , trading to the

qu ibeauon Judies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting

Proprietors, forth. That, by the said Company’s Charter, granted by King William the Third, each of the Members of the said Company, having the Sum of Five hundred Pounds or more, Share or Interest, in the Stock of the same Company, hath a Right to vote at the General Courts held for the Choice of Directors, and for other Affairs of the said Company; and that at a General Court of the said Company, held on the Twenty-sixth Day of September last, it was recommended to the Court of Directors to apply to Parliament, to obtain a Law for preventing Proprietors of East India Stock from voting, by Ballot or otherwise, at any General Court, of the said Company, who have not been in Possession of their Stock for Six Calendar Months, at the lead, and for making such Alteration in the Oath taken by the Proprietors, as may effectually prevent any Person from voting, at such General Courts, who is not an actual Proprietor in his, her, or their own Right: And therefore praying. That the aforesaid Resolution of the said General Court may be carried into execution by the Authority of Parliament; and that Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Boulton, Mr. Dtfon^Mr. Jones, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Fletcher Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

God (tone Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee,

to to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed

Grinftcad to Put 'n exRtut'on au Art passed in the Fourth Year Rrad. of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to High Gate, in the Parish of East in the Coun-

ty of Suffer, was referred, That the ContVnittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the lionfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-

485*

terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Art was read; and Gibbs Craze fur d, Esquire, said. That the TrUftees appointed to put the said Art in execution, have made great Progress in the Repairs of the said Road; and that there is now owing a considerableSum of Money on the Credit of the said Art, which cannot be repaid, and the Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Art are enlarged, and the said Art made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Art of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godflonr, in the County of Surrey, to High Gate, in the Parish of East Grin/lead, in the County of Sussex: And, that Lord George Sackville and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring ill, the fame.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commons American alty, of the Blanket Weavers, incorporated by the ColcmiM. Name of the Mailer, Assistants, Wardens, and Commonalty, of Blanket Weavers, inhabiting in Witney, in the County of Oxford, or within Twenty Miles thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a great Decay in their Trade to North America:

And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to eonfider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon Ttiefday the 14th Day of this instaut January, and Yesterday, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Lewis presented to the House, according to Or- Michel's

der, a Bill for naturalizing Jean Pierre. Michel:. And Nat. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to His Majesty, Eiti mates,

Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay, and Allowances, to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1766: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of C//c//rti Hospit.aI, for the Year 1766: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1766.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Widows of Officers, Ditto, who have died on Half-pay, for the Years 1765 and 1766, compared: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full-pay, for 365 Days, for the Year 1766, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half-pay at the Twenty-fourth of December 1765.

- And-the Titles of the said Ellimates and Lift Were read.

The said Lift and the Third of the said Ellimates are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other of the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

2 30 Januariu

Voi.

at ESTIMATE

e

2 3° Janua

A. 1766.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half-pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1766.

Per Diem. For 36$ Days*

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th £. s. d. £. s-

December 1765 to 24th December 1766, inclusive ..... 373 15 8 136,430 18- 4

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse - 3 13 2 1 >335 5 10

For the annual Allowances to 12 Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th

Troops of Horse Guards, at £ . 10 per Annum each - - 120 — —

For 74 Private Gentlemen of the 4th Troop of Horse Guards, at the Rate

of ~jd. J)er Diem each ----- - - 232 787 15 10

£ 138,674 — —

War-Office, 23d January 17 66.

Barrington.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1766.

Per Diem. For 365 Days*

15,593 Out Pensioners Handing at presentupon the Books of the Hospital, £ d. £. d.

at 5 d.per Diem each ----- 324 17 1 118,571 15 5

103 Letter Men, a/ ndper Diem each 5 3 — 1*879 J5 —

31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each 1 3 3 424 6 3

; 15»7 2 7 331 -3 4 120,875 r6 8

From which deduct. The Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying the Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, formic Year 1766 - — mm — 11,000

Remains to be granted upon Account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1766 ► - 1 - - - 109,875 16 8

War-Office, 23d January 1766.

‘Barrington.

ESTIMATE

33° Janu

491

6 Cm III.

EStTMATE of" the Chargfr of Full-pay for 365 Days, for the Year 1766, to Officers’ reduced, with tl»e xotli Company of fevferal Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half-pay. -at the 24th December 1765.

20 Captains, at 10 s.per Diem each - - - 18 Lieutenants, at 4.?. 8d. per Diem each - - 8 Ensigns, at 3s. Zd. per Diem each . - - - - - Per Diem. For 365 Days.

t- d- lo 4 4 — 1 9 4 *. d. 3,650 *>533 535 6 8

46 , Total £. 5 >3. 4 5,718' 6 8

N. B. As the Half-pay of the above 46 Officers amount?

to £.2,859. 3* Ad- per Annum, the real Increase of Expence to the Public will be no more than £. 2,859. 3y' 4^- or ^ne Half of the above Total.

War-Office, 23d January 1766.

Batrington,

Ordered, That the said EA inflates and Lift do lie upon concerned, that the House may do therein as they the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. shall think fit.

Exponation of Corn,

Importation of Corn.

Iirportation of Oats.

Doddincton

Inclosure.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received* and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Titae.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain from His Majesty’s Colonies in , into

this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty: And the same Was received > and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into fhis Kingdom, for aTime to be limited, Duty free: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds,' in the Parish of Great in the County of Northampton; which, upon last,

was read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the . House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of a proper Plan, for making a General Index'tail the Printed Journals of this House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.. Fdtrefter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Upton, Doctor Hay, Mr. Kynqfton,

Mr. Blackstone, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Dyfim, Mr_ Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir George Yovge, Sir John Ghpme, Sir William Baker, Mf. Lends,

Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gilbert, hiv. Paterson, Mr. Wllately, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Mr. Coutts, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Ongley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cooper, Mr .-Onslow, Mr. val, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Phimptre, Sir G Mr. IJobart, Mr. Child, Mr. Tudzoay, Lord Strange, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gascoyne, M.r. Jackson, Mr. Harvey, Sir Roger -gate. Sir Joseph Mawbey, Snr GeorgeColebrooke, bdv..Tho-roton, Mr. Foley, Mr. On/Glftt;, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Harris: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Admiral Keppel (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral oCGreat Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimdte of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 3 ift Decenlber 1765.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

The said Estimate is as followeth;

General Index to Journals*

Estimate; Navy Debt.

VOL. 30.

Navy

4$ 2 Jam, 17 65.

Navy-Olfied, 1 As ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter

43d January 1766.5 mentioned; as it flood on the 31st 1765.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

Dde to payoff and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, fcfr. supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yard*', for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaitl 31 December 1765; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment-made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf

Seamen’s Wages,

Due to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1765 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gifts, He. - -

955»°59 '7 10 55>OI7 15 ti

81,400 3 2

296,203 0 o

46,701 15 —

— - --,

404,089 15 3

359,° 7 5 5

42,343 9 8

Victualling DeBt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course - For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1765 For necessary Money, extra necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the fold Office

7,844 o 8 4i3>35 6 5

7»3*4 18 o

2,577 18 1

18,306 15 8

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two million Seven hundred and Nineteen thousand Five hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Two Pence - -

From whence deducting the Money r

in the Treasurer’s Hands

It

And also the Money that remained ( ‘ to come in of the Supplies - I -

as on the other Side

i35*985 7 7

98,956 11 8f

£ d.

1.434,382 a tt

805,508 7

449,348 18 id

30,297 $ 19

*»7i9*537 1

234',941 19 3f

The Debt will then be Two million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand Five hundred Ninety-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing -

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Charge of Transports between the ift January 1765, and the 31st December following And jt appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift January 1765 and 31st December following, amounts to -

22,425 12 4

13,111 it 8|

For which Sum of £. 35,537- 4*. o|rf. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be. Two million Four hundred Forty-nine thousand and Fifty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence Half-penny

*,484,595 7 l0i

33*537 ' 4 of

£.2,449,058 3 9|

— ae ..4 ii I,

Memorandum: On calling the Debt oh the Books of Ships paid between the ill January 1756* and 31st December 1764, to come at the real Debt of Defalcations, which from the Number of Payments carried on during the War, and since the Peace, could not be call sooner, and on comparing this Account with the several Sums given in annually upon Estimates, the same is found to have been over estimated £. 340,344. -s. otherwise the Article abovementioned of Wages due on the Books of Ships paid off would have been £.744,434. 3. o. and the Debt of the Navy £. 2,789,402. xi. 6f.

G. Cokburne. J. Williams. E. Mason. T. Brett.

Menu-

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

OJ

O

5*

Memorandum: There wa* remaining, in the Hands of the late and present TFeafurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1765, in Money, afromdeMnentioned, and may be

reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what Treasurer’s Hands. — - - , - 1 1 In MONEY. On the Heads of

( Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen’s Wages. Victuals. Total.

Right honourable 1 George Doding Esqr V 1 ft Treasurership. 3 In Money - - - - D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - - - £. e. d. 2,078 9 £. s. d. 1,539 12 iof 80 17 9^ £ "5 s. 17 d. 9i| i- 3,814 s. d. 17 xof

Right honourable 1 Henri/Legge, Esqr J In Money ----- D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen m m - 6,309 15 2 2,6015 6 55 i5 5 2,572 4 10,543 I 2

Right honourable ") George Grenville, Esqr 1 ft Treasurership. J In Money ----- D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 0 m - 4,037 7 2,7" 2 3I 37 14 3 !,947 9 n 8.733 13 3

Right honourable } George Dodington, Esq'S ad Treasurership.; In Money ----- D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - m - 6,736 10 ii 2,697 13 io| 287 11 9 631 11 s.i ID>353 7

Right honourable 1 George Grenville, Esqr > ad Treasurership. 3 In Money - - - D9 towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - m - m - 5,345 19 5! 52J 4 10 2,196 *5 4l| 17,890 13 II

Right honourable 1 William Lord Viscount I Barrington. J In Money - D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - m m - - 11,998 5 ii 12,837 13 si 2,226 17 7 8,141 2 35,203 *9 5i

Right "honourable 1 Richard LorUVifcojint v Howe. 3 In Money ----- D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - m < - m 9,985 1 30,582 8 3^ 3,687 5.I91 5 2i| 49,445 14 8

£ 50,974 3 3a 65,216 17 n| 19.796 6 135,985 7 7

OS

W

O

00

o

3 There renamed, on the 31st December, to 00m* in, from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1765, including Bounty to Chaplains - ^.98,956 11 8|

4S>4

23° — 24° Januarii.

A. 1766.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Offices and Employ meoti.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who hare omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law'; and forgiving further Time for those Purposes;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to indemnify Members and Officer^ in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admissions, have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts of Parliament now in force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mitlaid, and for allowing them Time to provide, or cause to b'e provided, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, duly ft'amped.

Then thd House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be 'received upon Monday Morning next.

Heworth Mr. Vane presented to the House, according to Order, Inclosure. a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moov, Waste, or Common, in the several Townlfiips, Villages, or Hamlets of Upper Heioo and Nether Heworth, in the County of Durham: And thd same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Corn Trade. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the State of the Com Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hewett, Sir George S Mr. Townflend, Mr. Charles Torenftend, Lord Cary fort, Mr.

Grosvenor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Upton, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Gray, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Dun das, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dy/'on, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lord Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Rice, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Elliot,'

Mr. Ojivald, Mr. Fitzroy, Sir Alexander Lord

George Sackville, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Thrale, Mr. West, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Norris, Mr.

liotham, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Ryder, Mr Mr. Harbord, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Lord Advocate of

Scotland, Mr. Dempfier, Mr. Ward, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rigby, Lord Mr.

Mr !Fonnereau :And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi enerisy240 die Janitarli;

Anno 6* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1766-

Pkayers.

A Petition of Anthony Keck, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Great Tew, in the (bounty of Oxford, and Impropriator of all and all Manner of Tythesarifing and renewing within the Parish of Great Tew aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read ;. Setting forth, That there are certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, within the said Parish, computed to consist of 79 Yard Lands, or thereabouts, 66 Yard Lands and Three Quarters..of which are the Property of the Petitioner in Pollession, tmd the remaining 18 Yard Lands and aQuarter (excepta Cottage, and Cottage Common) are the Property of the Petitioner in Reversion, after the Determination of several Ix-ales for Li v. s; and that the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common-Failures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton and Mr. Blackjlorie, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge in the County of Kent, to the CroJWays, near Man-field Street, in the County of Sussex ,was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackville, Mr. Shif tier, Mr. Sir Charles

daunt, Mr. Brand, Sir George Savi/e, Sir JoJ'eph Mawbey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Waller, M r. Lord

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr.

Sir RogerMijlyn, Mr. Darner, Mr. Sir

Farnalry, Mr. PreJ'cot, Mr. Montagu, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Sandtis, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Keck, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Lord Howe, Sir Edward Sir Charles Kcmys Tynte;and all t he Members who serve for the Counties of Safer, Kent, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Mann Horsfeld Esquire, and the other

Owners and Proprietors of the several Stinted Pastures within the Townshipof Arnclife in the West Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, tvas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townlliip, Three several undivided'Stinted Failures for depalluring Cattle and Sheep, called the Cow Cloje, the IV"ft Moor, and Clowder, containing by Estimation 2000 Acres and upwards, which, if inclosed and divided, would be capable of being greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Pastures, called the Clafc, the West Moor, and Clowder, otherwise Clowther, in the Town (h ip of Arnclife aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Gray, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. Daniel La/celles, and Mr. Edward Lafeelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Great Tew Inclosure.

Tunbridge

to

Maresfield

Road.

Arncliffe

inclosune.

Sutton, &c. Drainage,

Exportation ct Corn, &c.

Importation of Corn,

6 Geo. III. 240 Januarii. 495

A Petition of John Bozeman, Thomas Broad ley, John Gylby, Charles Pool, John Brnudity, and Edmund Popple, El’quires, Marmaduke Brown, and Robert Gentle-

men, and others, Trustees, authorized and appointed by virtue of an Act pafl'ed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and improving the Low Grounds and Cars, in the Parishes and Territories of Sutton, Ganjlead, Szcitie, Be

Grange, and Fair holme , North nold,iA)ugRiston, Lex'en, IIeighoand IIally tree Holme,

Brandts Burton, and Bin"fall, F.Jke,

Meaux and IVaghen, otherwise in in

the East Riding of the County of York, and of others, whose Names are subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, within the said Low Grounds and Cars, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, certain Rates, or Duties, were granted, and several Powers given, for the effectual Execution of the said Act; and that, in pursuance thereof, the Petitioners, the said Trustees, have expended large Sums of Money in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, and in the making and erecting considerable Works, and have all’o contracfed Debts, and enlered into Engagements, for effecting the good Purposes of the said Act; and that several of the Proprietors of Lands, within the said Low Grounds and Cars, have refused to pay their respective Parts, or Proportions, of such Sums of Money, as, in pursuance of the said Act, have been taxed upon the said Low Grounds and Cars; and that the Methods, prescribed by the said Act, for enforcing the Payment of the Rates, Taxes, and AfletTments, granted thereby, have, in Experience, been found ineffectual, and the Mo-ney to be raised, by Means thereof, would not be sufficient to enable the said Trustees to discharge their Debts, and tofulfil their Contraft.sandEngagements, nor for the speedy Execution of the Works of Drainage to be carried on, in pursuance of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill lor the amending and rendering more effectual, the said Act of Parliament, under such Rules, and with such Powers, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Lord Coleraine, Mr. Waller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. JLozcndes, SwCharles Banbury, M r Sir Roger Mofyn,

Mr. Gere, Lord Cm/, Mr. Shi fiMr.

Bagot, Mr. Toton/hend, Sir Mr. Cooke,

Sir John Palmer, Sir William Baker, Sir Smith,

Lord llozve, Mr. Clive, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. PI amp f re, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bailer, Sir liam Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Upton, Mr. H ocd, Lord Strange, Sir John Turner-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland,

Lancaster, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to, meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain from His Majesty’s Colonies in into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol, 30.

Resolved, That the kill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited. Duty free, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for paving the High Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets. *«

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Ialt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation offalted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Foreign Wrought Silks, imported into Great Britain, between Christ 1764 and Christmas 1765; distmguithing the Countries imported from, and the Quantity from each Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected, within Twelve Years Ialt past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway; and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Coleraine, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitworth, Me. Cooke, Mr. Morton, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Norris, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Fontiereau, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gascoync, Sir George Sir

lips, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. While, Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. pest, Mr. Mackzoorth, Sir Brook Brydges, Lord Villiers, Mr. Onjloio, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Barroio, Mr. Thurloiv, Sir Edward WinningtoMr. Brudenell, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Ewer, Mr Parker, Mr Sir Rich-

ard Warwick Bampfyldc, SirRobertLadbroke, Sir William, Baker, Mr. Onjloiv, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Burgher/h, Mr. Lowndes, Sir George Montgomery , Mr.

Llayes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr.

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Mr.

Willoughby, Colonel Burton, Sir r. Moles-

worth, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Wilson, Sir Thomas Cave: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House lefolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Importation of Oats.

Southwark

Streets*

Importation of failed Provisions.

Account;

Silks

imported.

Highways; Application of Money.

Supply.

Half-pay

Officers*

American Courts of Admiralty.

Accounts; Exports and Imports*

Horsley

Upright

Gate

Road.

4J)6 24 — 2 70

Mr. Pa/ejfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterfotireported from the Committee, That

they had come to federal Resolutions. which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafp to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning nest.

Mr Pater/onalfo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they xnav have Leave to fit again.

llefolved, That this House will, upon Mondqy Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The hordBarringtoa presented to the Ho\jfe, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of H»S Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Eft innate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1766.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Whately have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Representations made, since the last Sefliqns of Parliament, by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, concerning the Appointment of Courts of Vice Admiralty in America, together with an Account of all Proceedings which have been had thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of the Exports from England to the North Anierican Colonies, from

1763 to Chripnas 1764; {liflinguishing each Colony:

And also.

An Account of the Value of the Imports into Englaml, from the North AmericanColoFws, from Christmas 1763 to Chripnas 1764; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Qrrf<rra/, That the said Accountsdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn" ing next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncst 2 70 dieJanuarii;

Anno 6* Georgii III. U Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

cyEANPierre Michel took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two. Acts, one of the Twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for

Januarii. A, 1766. 1

repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the Top of Kingsdmvn llill, in the County of Wilts-, and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bobert Long, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Kynaston, General

Mr. Iloublon, Mr. Pater/on, Mr. Barrow, Sir Edward

Dering, Mr. Shiftier, Sir John Glynne Sir Smith,

Mr. Qore, Sir George Savile, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Ire, Mr. Staunton, Mr- Bejl, Mr. Bice, Mr. Long, Mr.

Grant, Mr. If arris, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Editionstone, Mr. r.

Lord Grey, Mr. Rajhleigh, Sir Charles Mr.

Toionjhend, Lord Dow tie, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. I-ozcndes; and all the Members whq serve for the Counties of Wills, Gloucester, and

Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Mansfield, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, whose Names qre thereunto subscribed, was presented to the lloqle, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Mansfield and Chef crfieldT\nn\d\ee Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Norm anion, Tupton Nezv Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to

Binding Field Nook, in the Parish of in the County of Derby, is, from the Narro\yncfs thereof in feme Places, and from the Badness of the Soil, become extremely deep and ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary -Course of Law, be effectually amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Bobert Long,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Fuller, Lord John Cavendish, Mu ShiJfner,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Whitzcorth, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Bqcon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cooper, Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Sir Edward Bayntun Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bice, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord George ville. Sir John Delaval, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Lozvtides,

Sir Thomaj Cave, Lord Dozvnc, Lord Mr.

Morton, Sir Bobert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Mo-

rant, Mr. Garth, Mr. Bolton, Mr. General

Whitmore, Mr. Wallet', Mr. Onglcy-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham,

Leicester, Stafford, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power tp fend for Persons, Pgp.ers, and Records.

A Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made BLckheaih, in the last Session of Parliament, for the more eal'y and &c. speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokejly, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and LeffncJ's, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of , in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Staunton, Lord Grey, Mr-Brudcnell, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Drake, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Parker, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Harvey, Sir George Savile,

Mr. Abercrombie, Colonel llotham, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Grey, Sir Edward Wilmington,

Mr. Garth, Sir Edzoard Dering, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Paterson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Ridley, Lord,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lord Dozone,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bacoit,

Mr. Barrow and all the Members who serve for the,

Counties of Surrey, Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Middle-

Jex:

6 Geo. III.

.27° Januarii.

497

Gwendraeth

Navigation.

East India Company; Qualification of

Proprietors.

MichrPs

Nat,

v

City of London Paring, &c.

fix: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable Thomas Esquire, to make a

navigable Cut, or Canal, fr.om Little River,

near the Town of Kiduely, to the Great Forest and Pwll Llygod, in the C ounty of Carmarthen, was read a Second 'lime.

ReJ'olved, Thai the Rill be committed to Mr. Rice, Sir John Glynue, General Bo/cauen Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr.

Edmonjone, Sir Edu ard Derive, Mr. Garth, Mr. Norris, Mr. ane, Mr. Fannereau, Mr. Dt foil, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Ra/hleigh, Mr. ley, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Powell, Mr. Parker, Mr. St aunt on, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Hot ham. Lord Sir John

HyndeCot/oti, Mr. Cooper, SirEihcardBayntun, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Cave,

Mr. Brudenell, Lord BurgherJh, Mr. Mr. Luther,

Mr. Coutts; and all the Members who servefor the Principality of Wales, and the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Boulton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Proprietors &f East India Stock: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michel, was read a Second Time.

Refoh ed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr.

Lord G ret), Sir JoJ’eph Mawbey, M r. Sir Richard

Glyn, Sir John Palmer, Lord Mr. Kynafon, Mr.

Shiftier, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Rest, Lord George,

Ix>rd Carysfort, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rider, Mr. Holt, Sir John Hyride Cotton, Sir John Glyme, Mr. Mr.

Whichcot,l.ord Burgher/h, Lord Mr

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mackworth,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Jack/on, Sir BroBtydges, Mr

General Befiawen, Sir. Harris, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fan-

ner eau, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Paterfm, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Parker, Mr. llewett, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Dy/on: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Maycr, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the lteport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Edward GroJ'e, Esquire, being examined, said, That the several Streets, 1-a.ncs, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, are in general ill paved, dirty, and not sufficiently lighted; that the Signs throughout the said City are very numerous and large, and not only obstruct the Light of the Lamps, but are very dangerous in windy Weather, when several Signs and Shew Boards have been blown down, and the Polts are a general Annoyance; that several Bulks, Penthouses, and Shops gre erected, which encroach upon the Streets; that the Penthouses are aNuifance, being frequently crowded with Flower Pots, by the watering of which the Clothes of Passengers are spoilt, and that he has seen a Flower Pot fall from a Penthouse; that the Gutters and Spouts are a very great Annoyance in their present Situa-

Yol. 30.

tion in rainy Weather; that the Wheelbarrows and Wheels driving along the Foot Pavements, and Shopkeepers fcxpofing their Wares, are great Inconveniences and Nuisances.

That the Practice lately introduced of making Bow Windows to Shops is a great and growing Evil, as the Ia(i Builder of such a Window always projects his Window beyond all the rest, so that if this Practice is suffered to continue, the Witness apprehends that in a little Time there will be no Spaces at all left for Passengers on Foot, and that he is very well satisfied, by Experience, that the Number of Foot Passengers is increased, and that they have much less Room than formerly.

That the Method at present used in exercising Horses at Livery Stables, where they frequently gallop out into the Street suddenly, is very dangerous to Foot Passengers, which the Witness saw an Instance of last Week in Coleman Streets and that this Evil might be prevented, if a Bar was put up at the End of each Ride, next the Street.

Then an Act passed in the 2id and 23d Years of the late King Charles the Second, Chap. 17, was read; whereby it appeared, that the foie Power of ordering, designing, and regulating the cleansing and keeping clean of all the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said City and Liberties, and the Pitching and Paving, with the Order and Manner thereof, was vetted in the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, to be managed, executed, and done, by such Persons as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, should thereunto authorize and appoint, or by any Seven or more of them (being all Members of the said Court) and in such Sort and Manner, as, from Time to Time, should be found most convenient for the Public Benefit of the Inhabitants. Then,

William Tyfir, Esquire, being examined, said, That,

since the passing of the said Act, the Inhabitants have continued the Practice of paving the Streets themselves, but that the several Companies, who furnish the City with Water, frequently break up the Pavements to relay and mend their Pipes, which Pavements they repair again at what Time, and in what Manner they please; that he has known Places so broken up, lie unpaved Three, or even Six Weeks, and when paved, the Stones are laid in Allies, Rubbish, or other insufficient Materials, which soon breaks up again in Holes; that the Witness has known Persons pave their Doors very sufficiently, at an Expence, from Eight to Twelve Pounds, which has been immediately ruined by theburfting of a Water Pipe, and the Pavement has become as bad as ever; that the Paviours for all the Water Companies are equally blamable; that frequent Complaints are made to the Commissioners of Sewers, but that the Evil can never be remedied, without adopting some other Method of paving, than that used at present.

Mr. GroJ’e, being further examined, confirmed Mr. Tyfir's Evidence in every Particular; and added, That when any Person relays the Pavement before his Door, it is the common Practice to raise it higher than the rest, which is One of the greatest Inconveniences attending the present Mode of paving, and can never be remedied but by paving the whole Street at Once, and placing the Power of repairing it in Persons, who shall take Care that such Repairs are made in a proper Manner; for that at present, if a Piece of bad Pavement happens to lie between Two Houses, only one Half of it can be mended at a Time, unless both Parties can agree, which they" frequently do not.

That the only Method of removing of Nuisances is by Indictment, which is troublesome, expensive, and dilatory, since if the Party is rich and obstinate, he may remove the Indictment by Certiorari, from Court to Court, for it is impossible to say how long aTime, to the infinite Trouble and Expence of the Party pursuing such Indictment; that it would be much more eligible to lodge

6 L the

1

1;

498

270 Januarii.

A. 17 66.

City of the Power of lied/efe in some Body of Men, where it

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Wade, Hewortii or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Inc!t)sure* Hamlets, of Upper Heworth and Nether in

Then an Act of Parliament, passed in the 17th Year the County of Durham, was read a Second Time, of the Reign of his la£e M^eftyKing George the Second, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provision Mr. Delaval, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Lord for enl ighting the Streets of the City of London, wasrqad; Doum Sir Smith, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

whereby it appeared, that certain Rates are directed to MellijMr. Sir M

be assessed and levied for defraying the Charges of Mr. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Butler, Sir

erecting, lighting, Applying, and maintaining a suffi- George Colebrook, l^cdGeorgc Sackville, M r. cient Number of Lamps within the said City and Liber- Sir Charles Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Seymour,

ties, as the Mayor, Aldermep, find Commonalty tliould Mr. Jackfou, Mr. Fane, Mr. Barroxc, Mr thinkpropqr. Then, Mr. Parker, Mv.Coventry, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Mr. Grofe, being further examined, said, That the said Wauchope. Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Grey,

Act was in many Insignoes defective; that the Number Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. fUlis, Mr. Jenkinson,

of Lamps wepe infnflicient, find the Light of them fre- Lord Strange, Sir Willia?n Meredith, Mr. Upton, Mr.

questly obftsufted i that the Removal of the Sign? could Wtardj and all the Members who serve for the Count ies

be no Detriment to the inhabitants, as they might write of DuYork, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wcfil-

their Names ovpr their Poors, which would be as good moreland, and Lam-after: And they are to meet this. Af-

for one as the other; that by the said Act, the Court of ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham her.

Aldermen and Common Council are inppowered to contract for the lighting the Lamps Once a Year, and the I Sackville presented to the House, accord- Golfiooe Time for making such Coptraft is publicly known, ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers East Gl®n(lead which enhances the Pripe qfOil, apd the Contraft might of an Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for Road, be cheaper performed, if the Persons contrafting w ere repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of impowered to make and renew their Contract as often, Surrey, to High Gale, in the Parish of East and nt what Times tl>ey please. in the County of Sufi'ex: And the same was received;

Mr. Tyfer, being further examined, confirmed Mr. and read the First Time. C;

Grofe’s Evidence as to the Inconvenience of the prefect Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mode of contrafting, and that as foop as the Contract

is made, the Price oTOUfaRs; he added, That the Per- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Helfton

Ions contrafting have no Power over the Confraftor for the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Writ-

Neglectof Duty, so that they pay Thirty Shillings a Year electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefen t Parliament for each Laipp, which t|$e Whjnqfs is informed is a for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall,

greater Price th^n w hat is paid by the Commissioners for in the room of Francis Godolphin, Esquire, now Lord paving Westminster Streets, yet the Lamps in the City Godolphin, Baron Godolphin, of lleljton, in the County are potfo wpll fiipplied, bping generally out by One or of Cormpull, called up to the House of Peers.

Two o’Clpck in the Morning.

When Complaint is Qf this to the Contractors, Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breach Pririlege. they lay t^e Rlafne on thqir Lamp Lighters, who, they of the Privilege of this House, JoJepli Mead did, on or say, rob then? of this Oil, and these are Persons over about the Day of lait, by the Direction of

whopi the City has no Controul. George Richard Carter, Esquire, and-----

That if the several Bufinedes of paying, cleapfing, break open a Gate, the Property of Henry Fane, Esquire, lighting, and removing Annoyances within the said a Member of this House, at

City and Liberties, were veiled in One Body of Per- in the County of Oxford, and let through Two Waggohs fons duly apthprized f°P those Purposes, the whole loaded with Wood, which Waggons were driveu over might ,be efljefted with greater Advantage and Ease to several Fields there, Part of the Possession of the fai<J the Inhabitants, and at a Jek Expence, as there would Member, by Thomas Harman, Richard Harman, Thomas be then Ocqafion qnly for One Collection inftoad of //amtfn, junior, and Richard Grays and that, fmee the Three. said Time, agreatNumberof Waggons, employed by the

Sif James Hodges, Knight, being examined, said, Thfd foid Mr. Carter, have been driven over the same Fields; tj^e Inhabitants of the City oimI liberties of London, are whereby great Damage has been committed; at prefect burthenpd with a Variety of Taxes, moil of Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideratio® of which are rated according to the Land Tajf, which is the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine at present Five Shillings in the Pound in several Wards; the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report tue that this Increase of Taxes is owing to several of the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. most opulent inhabitants, formerly redding in the City,

baying quitted their Houses for the more airy and eie- Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their American gant Buildings in other Parts of tlip Town; that the Nor- Address of last, that the Copies therein meu~ Court* of

them Parts of the City lyave fullered particularly, being tioned might be laid before this House, had been pre- Admiralt> -thinly inhabited and the Taxes in general ill paid, and fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had that any further Tax would be very severely felt by them, commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will That if.a fmaHToll, to be paid on Sundays only, were give Directions accordingly, to belaid on ail Carriages apd T revellers, passing through

the Tprnpikes immediately communicating with the Li- The House being informed, that Mr. from Westminster

berties of the City, fie apprehends it might defray the the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Br, JSe-Expence of paving and lighting the City, without af- Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite ' fefting Trade, or further dillrefilug the Citizens already Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; much burthened. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the.

Ordered, That Lqave be given to bring in a Bill, or House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

Bills, for the better paving, deanfing, and lighting, the A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for City of London and Liberties thereof; and for preventing building Westminster Bridge, from the iOtli Day ot /a-or removingNuifances therein: And that Sir Robert Lad*unary 1765 to the z%& Day of January x 7S6, itiejulive: broke, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Richard Glyn, And also,

Mr. Alderman Bedford, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do Accounts of the Treaftirer to the Commissioners for

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

building Wflmitifter Bridge, from the 10th Day of

October

6 Geo. III. if Janua 499

October 1764 to the ioih Day of October 1765, together1 with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents re* ceived, from ^tli Jul1/ 1764 to 5th July 1765.

Anti then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the salt) State and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said 'Books do, lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The laid Books are preferred awongst the other Papers of this Session.

African The House being informed, that Mr. , from

Conran) , the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1764, the Account of the " Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distioguishing every Article of Expeace " under its proper Title."

And then be withdrew.

An«l the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do Jie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is pneferved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Exportation A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, She-of Corn, riff, and Common Council, of the Town and County of the Town of Navcqjile upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Price of all Sorts of Corn and Grain, in the-laid Town and Counties adjoining, js now very high, and, if continued to be exported, the Price thereof wrli he Hill enhanced: And therefore praying the House to apply such Remedies, for Prevention of such a Grievance, as to the House OiaU feepa pveet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bilcuir, and Starch, for a Time to be ljmited, is committed.

Mr. Secretary Comcay presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

American Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary CoAzuay, to Colonies. Lieutenant Governor Fauquier, 14th September 1765: And also,.

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fauquier, to the Right honourable Mr. Secretary Conway.

WiHiamfburgh, Virginia, §fh November 7765; R, 221I January 1766: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Francis Fauquier, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations. Dated WflUaipf-bttrgh, November g’i, 1765; R. January 22$, 17.66.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom , it is jeferued to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the"House, by Mr. Secretary upop the 14th

and 22d Days of this i 11st ant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

The. laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Mr. Patcrfon, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom R was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards <k*livered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sixteen tlioufaod Men. he employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred - awl Sixty-six, including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-leven Marines.

Vol. 30.

Rejotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Sixteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for. Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for reifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Merchants of trading to American

North America, was presented to the House, and read; Cdbme*. Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly affected in their Fortunes, by the Disturbanoes which have arisen in the North American Colonies, in consequence of the Stamp A 6l: And praying for such Relief, as the House ffiah think most expedient.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Town Ditto,

of Chippenham, in Wiltshire, was also presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a great Decay in their Trade to North America: And praying such Re- 9 Kef in die Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14 th and 22d Days of this Instant January, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the offic«s

Committee of die whole House, to whom the Bill to in- and

dewmify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them- E,nploy, neat* felve6 for Offices add Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for givingfurther Time for those Purposes; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Race; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally' put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, \vith the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants of Petition the Colonies of the MaffadiuJ’etV s Bay, Rfiode Island and from

Prutf<fe?f«Plafttatiotis, NewJerfby, Pe MaifechufetV vemrpettts of the COunties of Newcastle, Kent, and Suffer, upon Dclcticare, and Province of Min America, signpd by James Otis and Oliver Partridge, Committee from the House offtepresentatives of Bay;

by Metcalfe Bowler and Henry Ward, Committee from the General Assembly of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations; by H. Fisher and J Committee from the Province of Nero Jerfby; by (J. Bryan and J.

Morton, Committee from the Province of Pensylvania;

ThomasM‘Kean and Cafar Rodney, Committee from the Government of Counties of Newcastle, Kent, and Suffer on Delaware; and by William Murdock, E. Tiglman, and T. Ringgold, Committee from the House of Representatives Of the Province of Maryland; wras offered to be presented to the House; stating the burthensome Rcstrictions under which the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies labour by several Acts lately passed, particularly by the Stamp Att; recognizing their Allegiance to the Crown, and acknowledging all due Subjection to line Parliament of Great Britain; expressing their most humiliating

500 27° JanuarA. 17

Petition bating Sorrow in finding the mrelves lately deprived of from the Right of granting their own Property for His Ma-algachJ et 1 jesty's Service, which on His Royal Requisitions they have been ever ready to contribute; complaining also, that the Penalties and Forfeitures, mentioned in the Stamp Act, and in divers late Acts of Trade, are, at the Election of the Informer, recoverable in any Court of Admiralty in America; that they are under great Pain to fee this manifest Dillin6tion made between the Subjects of their Mother Country and those' in the Colonies; in thus being unhappily deprived of Two Privileges essential to Freedom, and which all have evercon-

fidered as their bell Birth Rights, " that of being free from " all Taxes, but such as they have consented to in Per-" son or by their Representati ves, and of Trial by their " Peers;" that their remote Situation and other Circumstances render it impracticable, that they should be represented but in their respective subordinateLegillatures; that the Parliament, adhering strictly to the Principles of the Constitution, have hitherto never taxed Ireland or any other of the Subjects without the Realm: But though it were ever so clear, that the Colonies might in Law be reasonably deemed to be represented in the House of Commons, yet they conceive, that very good Reasons 0 from Inconvenience, from the Principles of true Policy, and from the Spirit of the Constitution, may be

adduced to shew, that it would be for the real Interest of Great Britain, as well as her Colonies, that the late Regulations should be rescinded, and that the several Acts, imposing Duties and Taxes on the Colonies, and extending the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty beyond its ancient Limits, should be repealed; submitting, that Money is already become scarce, and is Hill decreafingin the Colonies; that an immense heavy Debt is yet due from the Colonies for British Manufactures, that from the Nature of American Business and several other Circumstances, a Stamp Duty mull ever be very burthensome and unequal; humbly submitting whether there be not a material Distinction, in Reason and found Policy at lead, between the necessary Exercise of Parliamentary Jurisdiction in general Acts for the Amendment of the Common Law, and the Regulation of Trade and Commerce through the whole Empire, and the Exercise of that Jurisdiction, by imposing Taxes on the Colonies; that the severalsubordinate Provincial Le-gillatures have been moulded into Forms as nearly re-lembling that of the Mother Country, as by His Majesty’s Royal Predecessors was thought convenient; that under these Forms they have been born and settled; that there, as every where else, the People retain a great fond-ness for their old Customs and Usages; that they eileem their Conne&ion with, and Dependence on6’reat Britain, as One of their greatest Bleifings; and apprehend the latter will appear to be sufficientlyfecure, when it iscon-fidered, that the Inhabitants in the Colonies have the most unbounded Affection for His Majesty’s Person, Family, and Government, as well as for the Mother Country; and that their Subordination to the Parliament is universally acknowledged: And therefore most hum-, bly entreating, That the House woqld bepleafedto hear their Counsel in support of this Petition, and take their most diitreffed and deplorable same into their serious Consideration; and that the Acts and Clauses of Acts, so grievously redraining their Trade apd Commerce, im-poling Duties and Taxes on their Property, and extending the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty beyond its ancient Limits, may be repealed; or that the House would otherwise relieve the Petitioners as they should think meet. Signed at New Od. :15th

1765.

And the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House was moved, that the Resolution of the House, of the 14th Day of November 1689, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as . followelh; viz.

" Resolved, That all Petitions presented to the House*

" ought to be signed by the Petitioners with their own " Hands, by their Names or Marks."

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now

read.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Corn, &> upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn,

Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited;

Ordered, That the said Order be podponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ImP°rta, lon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ° °rB" upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty;

Ordered, That the said Order be podponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Importation resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Iloufe, upon of °ati-the Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, Duty free;

Ordered, That the said Order be podponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Supply. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted, to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Race, Cashier of the Bank Account; of England, do attend this House on Wednesday next. Bullion, with an Account of Bullion imported, and brought to the Bank, from the British Colonies of North America, in every Year, from 1748 to 1765, both inclusive; specifying the several Colonies from whence the same was imported, the Ships in which it was brought, and the Totals thereof, together with the like Account of Bullion imported, and brought to the Bank, from Jamaica, and the other West India Islands, in every Year during the same Period.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Cudoms, attended at the,

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of British Goods, Wares, Account; and Merchandize, and also of all Foreign Goods, ExPorts Wares, and Merchandize, exported from England to America, the British Colonies in North America, from 1739 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The podponed Order of the Day being read, for the Exportation House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 01 House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbeytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Maw bey reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

6 Geo.‘ III. 27* — 48

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Importation The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the ot ora. j.Joufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mazvbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mazobeyreported from the Committee,

That t hey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same:

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

1

Importation " The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the of Oats. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited. Duty free;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to extend the Provisions

of the said Bill to Oatmeal.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Maivbeytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Maivbey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

..... " — 1,1 1" —

Martis, 2 8* die Januarii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIItH Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

American A PETITION of the principal Tradesmen, Manu-Colonies. A facturers, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a great Decay in their Trade to North America: And praying such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th and 22(1 Days of this Inflaut and Yesterday,

by His Majesty’s Command.

Bickar ' A Petition of the Right honourable Brownloxo Earl Inclosure. of Exeter, Lord of the Manor of Bickar Beaumont, in the County of Lincoln, the Right honourable John Peyto, Lord Willoughby de Brooke, Lord of the Manor of Uelpringham cum Bickar, hi the said County of Lincoln, John Scudamore, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of feld Hall, in the' said Parish of Bickar, the Reverend Charles Trimnel, Vicar of the Parish of Bickar aforesaid, and other Proprietors of Lands, in the said Manors and . Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-

fented to the.House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the Manors and Parish aforesaid, certain Open Fields and Meadows, containing about Three hundred Vol. 30.

'Januarii. 561

Acres, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and othert lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and therefore are not at present capable of any considerable Improvement; and that there is in the said Manors and Parish a large Common Fen (containing near Two thousand Acres) which is frequently overflowed with "Water, and of very little Service to those who have Right of Common thereupon; but if the said Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, were divided and inclosed, and the said Fen properly imbanked and drained, the whole might be improved to the great Advantage of all the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that th< y do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Aud it is referred to Lord Broxcnloxo Bertie, Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Hardy,

Mr Boone, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Ewer,

Mr. Noel, Lord Carr/.fort, Mr. Fuller, M Lord

George Silt ton fS\r.Shuttlezoorth,§\rCharles KemysTynte,

Sir William Maynard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Buller, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Harris, Lord Coleraine, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Pigot, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Cavendish, Sir Mawber/, Mr. Whit filed. Sir Roger Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Coutts, Sir James Peachey, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Wand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York,

Nottingham, Northampton, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and K«Mingt©» Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington, Inclosure. in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-

low Bertie, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Whichcot, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Rice, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Cuf, Mr Mr. Scudamore, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Penton, Mr.'

Kynafon, Mr. Forrester, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr . OJbaldefon, Sir

cock, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Townfield, Mr Bru-denell. Sir John Elwill, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

James Grenville, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Paterson, Mr.

Daxokins, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Gore, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fitzmaurice presented to the House, according Heddingt«o

to Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement Indofur*. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field Lands within the Parish of Heddingtoin the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Henry Harpur, Baronet, Sir Robert ' Repton Burdelt, Baronet, Thomas Fisher, Esquire, the Reverend Inclosure.

John Edwards, Clerk, and others. Proprietors of Lands,

Meadows, and Common Right, in the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, in and over the fame, and are, ift their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; And therefore praying. That Leavo

6 M may

% A

o% z&Januarii.

fuay be given to fcringin a Bill for iding and inclosing the "fpia Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commons, and Waste Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

nrfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that rd George Cavenai/k, Mr. Rice, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wllingtoa A Petition of Sir Henry Harpur, Baronet, Sir Robert In ofure. Burdett, Baronet, Joseph Ward, Esquire, and others.

Proprietors of Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Op^n Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, apd Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Willington, -in the County of Derby, whose

Karnes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors, in the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in fqaall Parcels, in and over the fame, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of much Improvement: Apd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and ipclofiBg the said Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commons, and Waste Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendijk, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Fitzherbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Irecoa A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders*

Roads. of the County of Brecon, whoseNames are thereunto sub-

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, divers Roads within the said County; and that the Petitioners apprehending and being convinced, that Two of the Roads defefibed in such Petition, were unne-> cessary, and improper to be inserted in such Bill (in case the House shall be of Opinion that any Bill ought to be brought in), have, with divers other Persons, presented a Counter Petition to the House, praying, that those Two Roads may be excluded3 and that the Peti* tioners are adyifed it will be material, and necessary, to have the Assistance of Counsel, in opposition to the first, and Support of the latter Petition: And therefor© praying, That they may be at Liberty to be beard, by their Counsel, touching the Matters aforesaid-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Brecon, is referred: And that these Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Cora? piittee, upon their Petition, presented to this House upon the 15th Day of this Inuant January, add upon this Petition, now presented, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an IniiruCfioo to the said. Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Brecon, against the said other Petition* and the Petition now referred.

Importation A Petition of the Glove Sellers, and Glove Manufac-ef Gloves, turers, Leather Dressers, and Leather Sellers of the Cfties of London and Westimnfter, and Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read 3 Setting forth, That the Trade and Manufacture of Leather and Gloves have, for many Years past, suffered great Injury and Decay, by the pfodigipua Quantities of foreign-made Leather Gloves and Mitts, which are ckmdeftinely brought into these Kaogdpms, to the-Diminution of die public Revenue, the Impoverishaveut of the Manufacturers^ and Prejudice of the fair Trader 3 in confe-<juence whereof; many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects are unable to suppprt themselves and Families:

And therefore praying the House to take the PremSfes into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the fold Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the I louse, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Robei't lad-broke, Mr,

T/iurlozo, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Planter, Mr. Paterson, Sir Richard Bamp/ylde, Mr. Keck, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pent on.

Lord Pigot, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr.

Houblon, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Block*

stone, Sir Matthezv Lambe, Mr. Ofwnld, Mr. IhjJ'on, Sir Joseph Maxubey, Mr. Alderman Mr. Price,

Mr. Walsingham, Sir Brook Brydges Mr. Boone, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Corneioall, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Fynaston, Sir JWynfi, Sir Georgy

Yonge, Mr. Ik eft, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Bond,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Nugent, Lord George -

vendish. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Mr. Grant,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Grofcenor, Mr. Sir John

Gibbons; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex,

Worcester, Hertford, and York: And they are to m£et this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber 3 and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record*3 and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Leather Glove Manufacturers and importation Leather Dressers of the City of Worcester: And also, of Glove*.

A Petition of the Glove Makers and Leather Dressers of the City of Hereford;

Were also Severally presented to the House, and read 3 Alleging, That the said clandestine Importation of ready made Leather Gloves and Mittens has reduced the Persons, hitherto employed in that Manufactory, to great Difficulties r And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

Sir Joseph Marvbey, according to Order, reported from Exportation the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Biff of Com, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, &c* Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House 3 and he read the Report in his Place 3 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time 3 were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time 5

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be re-committed 3

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration 3 according to the Laws made foe those Purposes;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Re/otved, That the said Bill be re-coinfwitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said- Bill.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by Papers His Majesty’s Command, respecting

Copy of aLetter from Lieutenant Governor , -American

to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, 8th of 0 on*’

Noyem-

6 Geo. III. $8* — ztfjanuarii. 503

November 1765 — Received the 27th of Jankar^ 17661 I And also,

Copy of a Letter, from the Lords of the Admiralty, to Mr. Secretary Conway,'January 27th, 1766; inclosing, i Copy of a Letter from Governor Franklin to

Captain Hawker, of His Majesty’s Sloop Sardoine, j Burlington, gth of November 1705: And also,

[ Extract of a Letter from Captain Hawker, to Mr.

Stephens, dated in the River 19th of No*

vember 1765: And also.

Copy of a Letter front Captain Sterling, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Rainbow, to Mr.

Stephens, Virginia, N5th 1765: And also.

Extract from the Minutes of a Council* held at Burlington, the 17th Day of November 1765.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 14th and nd Days of this Instant January, and Yesterday, by i His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Paper* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tefpefling resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to t'nlouicT C0I)hder of the several Papers, which were presented UIM* to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, and 27th Days of this Instant January, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command;

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade of the North American Colonies, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House, upon the 5th and 6th Days of March 1764, with regard to the proper Method for securing and improving the Revenue, and preventing contraband Trade, in and with regard to

fiationing Ships of War for that Purpose, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

1 Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

I consider further of the several Papers, which were pre-

[ fented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon

the 14th, aid, and 27th Days of this Instant and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered 1 to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the

£ud Committee To-mwrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

House. till this Day Fortnight.

Importation Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of of Corn, the whole House, to whom the BiH for allowing the &c Importation of Corn and Grain from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Importation Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of of Oats. the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited. Duty free, was corawiOcd, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 30.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 290 didJ;

Anno 6* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1766.

PfcAYfiRS.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. WiMeaFeny

Bullock, Mr. Adams, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Matthew the Trent Lamb, Mr. Ward, be added to the Committee, to whom , to,.

the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Mecimal. Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Stafford, Warwick, Derby, cester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and and the Town

and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto fdbscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do make the Report from DoMingtom the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- Inclosure. doling the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

Mr. Fuller accordingly reported from the said Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Two Quakers, who are possessed of One Quarter of a Yard Land, as Trustees for a public Charity, who, on being applied for refused to sign the Bill, because Land is allotted in lieu of Tithes; but said, they had no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pnt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, manufacturing Superfine Amn-icut Broad Cloth, of the Town of Melksham, in the County Cronin, of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a great Decay in their Trade to North America: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway,

Upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, and 28th Days of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the Chief Magistrate, or Clerk of the Account; Market, of the several Cities and County Towns of England apd Wales do forthwith transmit, to the Clerk °rn’ ofth is House, Accounts of the Prices of Com, in fqch Cities and Towns respectively, as the same flood in the Month of December last, and in this present Month of

January ;distinguishing the Proportion of the Measure used in such Cities and Towns to the Standard Measure’.

The Order of the Day for the Attendance of Mr.

Daniel Race, being read;

And the House being informed, that Mr. Stone, from A Person the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at- bf

tended at the Dour; he tras called in; and, at the Bar, so a|tend the

acquainted House.

Account; Bullion.

Ways and Means.

Exportation

of

Corn, &c.

Papers

respecting

American

Colonies.

504

29*~3 1* Januanr. 1766.

acquainted the House, that the said Mr. is disabled by Illness from attending, as required by this House;

And the said Mr. Stone presented to the House, pursuant to their Older,

Account of Bullion imported from North America: And also,

An Account of Bullion imported from and the other West India Islands.

And the said Mr. Stone was examined, with respect to the Quantities of Bullion imported into this Kingdom from North America.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary upon

the 14th, 22(1,27th, and 28th Days of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the- Report from the Cortimittee of the Importation whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Im? ®ats-portation of'Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, Duty free, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have I,eave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts; count of the Quantity of Sugar imported into Sugar,

from the Briti/kPlantations in America, from 1757 to Cltriftmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this’ House, an Account of the Quantities of Raw, or MuscovadoSugar, exported from England to all Countries, from 1757 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Refined Sugar, exported from England to all Countries, from Christmas 1757 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Paterfonalfo acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, gnd Starch, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, and 28th Days of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, and 28th Days of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel George Mercer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 31° d'Januarii;

Anno 6® Georgii III*" Regis, 17C6. Praters.

P ETITION of Edmund Waller, Esquire, iLord of the Manor o (Hafelton, in the County of Gloucester,

John Rawlins, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Jlafelton, in the said County of and Robin

Wakefield, ParishClerk of the said Church, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Manor and Parish are several Open and Common Fields, and Downs, belonging to the Petitioners, lying intermixedanddifperfed in several Parcels, which renders them incapable of Improvement, and the Petitioners being the only Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, did agree to have the feme fairly surveyed and divided, and allotted, which has been done accordingly, and an Award made thereof, but the Petitioners are advised the same cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for establishing and confirming the said Award, for the dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and Common Downs, in the said Parish of Ilajel-ton, in such Manner as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Drake, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, the one in the Twelfth of King George the First, the other in the Twelfth of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition is intended to be presented to Parliament, for a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of York, through Barnby Moor, and East Retford, in the County of Nottito the South End

of East Market Common, called the West Moor, where it joins the great'North Road, leading from London to York; and also the Road from Little Drayton, to a certain Bridge, called Tioiford Bridge, in the said County of’ Nottingham; which, the Petitioners represent, will be of great Convenience and Utility to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill, and that it may pass into Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Peti-

Hafeltoti

Inclosure,

Spittlegate Hill, Sec Roa4.

6 Geo. III. 31 '‘1505

SPHilf3tC Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and or near the Town of Altrincham, in the County of Chef-&'c’ Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of ter j and that it- is now carrying on from Altrincham, Road. Nottingham, living in and near the Town of East Ret- towards the in the said County of Chester.

ford, in the said County, was also presented to the That he finds, by a Survey which he has taken, that House, and read; containing the same Allegations and the said Navigation may be further extended from aPart Prayer as are contained in the last preceding-petition. of the said Canal already made, upon Sale to the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Town -in the County of Chester, whereby

the Conveyance of Coals, Stone, Timber, Wares, and Ditto. A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to Merchandizes, to and from the Towns of Manchester, put in execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made Liverpool, and Stockport, and the Country lying conti-the one in the Twelfth of King George I. the other in gnous to the said Navigation, and to several large v the Twelfth of King George II. for repairing the Road Trading Towns, in the Counties of York and Derby, from Spitllegale Hill, near Grantham, in the County of will be facilitated and rendered less expensive, and the Lincoln,\o Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, Public Utility of the Undertakings authorized by the was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, said Acts, will be greatly increased.

That, in pursuance of the said Acts, the said Road has Ordered, That Leave be given to bring'in a Bill to been amended and kept in Repair, to the great Conve- enable the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, td nience and Utility of the Public; and that the Powers extend a Branch of his navigable Cut, or Canal, upon of the said Acts have in several Instances been found in- Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market convenient, and in others defective; and that further Town of in the said County: And that Mr.

Powers are necessaryfor the Purpose of carrying the said Wood, the Lord and Sir Charles Saunders,

Road in a more commodious and safe Manner for Tra- do prepare, and bring in, the fame, vellers; *&nd that the Term granted by the said Atts is

Dear-expiring; and that the Petitioners have borrowed An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-by the said Acts, and unless the Term be further conti- tures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, lined, RieCreditors on the1 said Tolls will be great Suf- in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the County of ferers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Northampton, was read the Third lime. '

to bring in-a Bill for continuing the Term, and amend- ' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ing and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Manner as to the House (liould seem meet. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon theTable. tures, LotG rounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of Great Doddington, in the County of St Botnlph, Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- Northampton.

Aldgatf, cording to Order, a Bill for the better maintaining, re-. -^Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

Poor* gulating, and employing the Poor wilhin the Parish of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London: And the '

fame was received; and read the First Time. Mr. Morton presented to the House, according to Or-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Duke of Mr. Wood reported from the Committee, to whom the and Commonable Waste Grounds; in the Manor, Parish,: JJridge.vater’s Petition of the most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater; and Tything, of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford: Navigation. an(j a|f0 the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, And the same was received; and read the First Time. and others, residing in and near the Market Town of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, accord-' Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Corn-report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands lying within delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same the Manor and Parish of in the County

was read; and is as followeth; viz.And the same was received; and read the First Time.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, An Act Resolved, That the Bill lie read a Second Time,

made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty King George

the Second, to enable the most noble Francis Duke of Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Reverend Doctor Barnardifion, for the Sermon by a certain Place in the Township of Salford, to or near him preached Yesterday, before this House, at St. Worjley Mill and Middlewood, in the Manor of Worjley, Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to and to or near a Place called Hollin Feny, in the County print the fame: And that Mr. Thomas Town/!tend and Palatine of Lancaster; and also an Act made in the 33d the Lord Burgherjh do acquaint him therewith.

Year of his said late Majesty, to enable the most noble

Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to make a navigable Cut, . Lieutenant General Whitmore presented to the House,

or Canal, from, or near Worjley Mill, over the River according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Irwclt, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Pala- the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and tineof Lancaster, and to or near Longford Bridge, in the Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Maugersbury, in the Tow life ip of Stretford, in the said County; and also an Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Act made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present And the same was received; and read the First Time. Majesty, to enable the most noble Francis Duke of ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bridgavater, to make a nav igable Cut, or Canal, from Longford Bridge, in the Township of Stretford, in the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Mersey, at a the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Plac^called the Hemp Stones, in the Township of Hal- the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-ton, ill the County of Chester; were read: Then, liament for the Borough of Clfton Dartnwuth Hard-

Mr. James Brindley, Engineer, being examined, said, ness, in the County of in the room of

That the said’Navigation is completed over the River Jefferys, Esquire, deceased.

Irwell, to or near Longford Bridge, and to or near the

Town of Manchester , and also over the River Mersey, to Sir Joseph Mawbey, according to Order, reported from

Voi.. 30. 6 N the

Doddington

Ica’ofuit.

Great Tev* Inclosure.

Bladon

Inclosure,

Dr.

Barnardiftoa

thanked*

Manger (bury inclosure*

Clifton

Dartmouth

Hardness

Writ.

Impprtation of Oat*.

Well*

Ekflion.

Ditto.

506 31° JaHuarii. J. 1766.

the Committee of the whole Hpyfe, to w^ngi the BiH fur allpwing the Importation of Oats ipto this Riggdora, for a Time to be limited, fluty (fee, wg$ pommfrtoti* the Amendments which the Committee bad mad? to the Biij; and which they bed djFpGfod him to repost to the House; and he feed the Report ip his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment’* in at the Clerk’s Table.

Rejblyed, That the said Bill bf recommitted.

Refalvfd, That the said Bill he re-cpRtm>tted to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolxied, That this House wiU* ppqn Monday M°Fn* ing pext, iefplve ifself into a Committee of the whelp House, to cppfider further of the said $j)l.

A Petition of the Bqrgpfles apd Freemen of the City, pr Borough, of Wells, in the Coupty efRotnerfet, on behalf of themfrlves, and others, Voters oft|ie said City, or Borpiujh, was. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thpt Refer Tpyler, Esquif-e, ppd Rober\ CAtVd, Tfppire, were Candidates at the late Elpdtion for a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City or Borough, in the room of the Right honourable Lord Digby, in the Kingdom of Ire created a Peer of the Realm; and that the Petitioners observ-p by the Votes, that the Indenture, by which Taylor, pfqpire, wap retqrped to ffJFve for the said City, hath i>epn taken oft the File, and the Indenture of the Mayor, by which Robert Child, Empire, was rpturapd, Mh been admitted

by (his House; that the Petitionersfool themselves highly aggrieved by the said Return of the Mayor, as the Petitioner?, in pqffnanpe of a Proclamation, made by the Senior Matter of the said City* giving Notice of the Time and Place of Election, attended to give their Votes' at tpe Town HqU (the accustomed Place of voting for Members) where a Poll wap a&paily began before the Mayor and Senior Mailer, who, in the same Point of Time, jointly took the Oath of returning Officer, pfe-for i bed by Act of Parliament; and that, after a few V otes had been polled, the Mayor infilled upon an Adjournment, against the Confont of One of the Candidates, and accordingly withdrew to the AJflxf: HqU, bpt the Petitioners imagining it regular to pell before the Person who had made the Proclamation, and wa? invested with the Authority of the Precept, actually gave their Voices for Mr. Tqytof at the Tapp Hto the Number of i 80, nqt dpuhdng but that the said Mr- Tpjdor would be their legal frepiefwtative, a? the petitioners nianifeftly cpn-stitute a great Majority of the real Voters; and that in the mean Time* the Mayur, whe,g$ the Petitioners conceived, was pot wawapted in such his Proceedings, opened, a Poll at (bp -4$*e M and aftpr taking 129 Votes, declared Mr. Child duly elected, in direct Oppo-tttion to the Spufn of the Majority of the Electors, and (Mr. CAi/d being a&ually (hen the acknowledged Sheriff of Wwwiqkjhjre)contrary to the Taper of the Writ and

precept: And therefore fuhmitting. That the Return so made bytbp Mayor* is ip manifest Derogation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and the Frapehifeg of the Borough, pray the House to take the Premises into Confident ion, and to grant thorn such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thai the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the B»r of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard ?t the Rar of thit House, upon Tuesday the ith Day of Fefyrqary next.

A Petition of Peter Taylor, Esquire, was also presented

so the House,. and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner and Robert Child, Esquire, were Candidates at the fate Election fora Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, ii\ the room of the Right honourable Lord JOisby, in the Kingdom of Irelacalled up to the House of Peers; and that, pursuant to a Proclamation, made for an Election to be held at the Town Hali in the said City, a Poll was a&uatly begun before (he Mayor and 22.

SppjoF who both took the Oaths of Returning

Qffioer, pnefcribedby Act of Parliament; and that, after a ftw V Otes had beep polled for the Petitioner and the said Robert Child, the Mayor infilled upon an Adjournment (though ttropglyoppofod therein by Ifie Petitioner)

and withdrew from *1)® Toym Hall, which by the Constitmfon of the Borough, has been. Time immemorial, the accustomed Place of electing Members to serve in Parliament, pnleft the Poll ha? been adjourned to another Place by Consent of ah the Candidates; that in this Coutttfipn the Petitioner’s Voters, pot thinking themselves obliged to depart from the Town Hall, attended there, and voted to the Number of One hundred and Eighty for the Petitioner, before the Senior Matter, who hpd proclaimed the Election, was in Possession of the Precept, end had taken the Oath of Returning Officer, the said Mayor having made no Proclamation, or give# Notice of any Time or Place of Election; and that thp Mayor thought fit tp open the Poll afrefo at the 4jJ\zq Hall of tjiesaid Town, where be received the Votes of Ope hundred and Twenty-nine Persong, who offered to post for Mr- Child, although many of them had po Right tq vote at the Ejection of Members to forve ip ParliW' ipent for the said City, and declared him duly elected, contrary to the raanifett Sense of the Majority of the' Electors of the said Borough, and (the said Mr. Child being then the acknowledged Sheriff of Wanvidtshire) contrary to the Tepor of the Writ and Prppept, in Vip,

1 atiop of the Rights and Franchises of the said Borough, and in mamfott Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Conf federation, and to grant the Petitioner Rich Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matterof the said Petit ion he heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that (he Matterof the last preoeding Petition is appointed tobeheard.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 20th Day of this inilant January, that the further Confederation of the PetitionofRoAerV TWowy Esquire, Mayor of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, complain-

ing of an undue Return for the said City, be adjourned till Monday the 1 othDay of February next, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the said Petition of1 Robert Tudway, Esquire, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Paris Taylor, Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Somerset, do attend this House upon Monday (he 10th Day of February next.

Ordered, That William Juvifc, Senior Matter of the said City of Wells, do attend this House at the same Time.

Mr. Dyfbq, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House

Return from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the House of Commons, in consequance of the Addrest of the said House to His Majesty of the and of this inilant January, relating to the annual Expence of the Establishinents of the Ibilish Colonies in America, and to the Debts incurred by the said Colonies.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return be . referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to cpnfider further of the fevpral Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary up-

on the 14th, 22d, 27th, and 28th Days of (his inilant January, by His Mgjeily’s Command.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning arid Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hieronymus John

Wienholt, and Jiiliuf ConradBUder, with same Amendments;

America

Colonies

Burn ester (and othors) Nat.

6 Geo. III. 31 'Janw507

tnents; tp which Amendments (he Lords defile the Concurrence of this House. . '

And then the Meflfengew withdrew.

Way» Mr. Patcrjm, according to Order, reported from the tod Means, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tq Qppfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; whfoh ha read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was road; and if as followed 5 via.

Refllved, That it is the Opinion of this-Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the tfifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have continuance to the 24th , Day of June j 76$, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which ' foell he made or imported, und all Cyder and Perry

which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of (rPffit Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1766 to the

3,4th Day of June 1767.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Lord John Mr. Thomas

ToyenJUmd, junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney Gonarih Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Auftnnher, A Petition of Robert Alexander, Esquire, ir»i presented

4c. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Ar-Bc"m>d* tides of Union, the Boroughs in Scotland are classed into

Districts, each of which is entitled to fend One Member to the Parliament of Great Britain, his Electionis ordered

to bemade by Delegates, One from each Borough, chosen in the same Manner as the Commissioners to the Scots Parliament were, each Borough preftdes in its Turn, and on that Occasion the FJedion is held at the presiding Borough, the Delegate of which has, in case of Equal ity, a Calling Voice; and, by the Act of the 16th of his late Majesty, to explain and amend the l^aws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

’ and to refrain the Partiality, and regulate the Con-

dust of Returning Officers at such Elections, the Clerk of each Borough is expuessly tied down to make out, affix the Common Seal, and lign a Commission to the Person chosen Commissioner (Delegate) by themajor Part of the Magistrates, and Town Council assembled h. for that Purpose, and the Cleric of the preflding Borough

to allow the Votes of such Persons only, who produce Q>mmissions authenticated by the Subscription of the Common Clerk, and the Common Seal of the respective Borough within the District, and to return the Person elected by the major Part of said Commissioners; and that on a late V acancy, by. the Death of Sir Henry Erskine, the Petitioner Rood Cand idate to represent in Parliament that District, which is composed of the Five Boroughs of jjflruiktr Easter, Anflruther Wester, Kilrenny Craill, and Pittemoeem, and Three of the Five, vie. Anflruther

Wyfler, Kilrenmj, and Pittenweem, almost unanimously declared for the Petitioner ;That Sir Ba-

ronet, another Candidate, having secured a Majority in the other Two Boroughs of and Craill,

but liavtog failed in repeated Attempts by the same unjust ifiable Means, to procure a Majority in any One of the other Three Boroughs; he next praftifedon Two of the Borough: Clerks, in Breach of their Oath of Trull, to evade or counteract the positive Directions of the said Statute of the ;6th of his late Majesty; and that at the Efeftion of a Commissioner, or Delegate (or Pit tentoeem, held oa the 3.0th of left December, the Meeting, which . Vol. 30.

confided of 2 l Pbf fbus (17 of whom wotadfor the Pcti-

tioner to be Delegate, Three for another Person, and One declined to give any Vote) tirft verbally, and afterwards by a Minute in Writing, figaed by the whole 20 Voters, ordered David Anderflm, their Town Clerk, to make out the usual Commission to the Petitioner, and the Clerk evading this Order, on their threatening- to difmife him, he acknowledged, that he had, previous to the Meeting, prepared and executed a blank Comtntffu»R, which, with the Town Seal, his Son, Lieutenant Matthew Avdeeflm, had taken nut of his Efcratope, and he then gave an Oder for the Delivery of this blank Commission, and of the Seal; but this Order net having been complied with, anew Commission to the Petitioner in Prefenoe of the Council, prepared and executed by Ander/on, the Clerk, an Imnression of the Town Seal taken from an unexecuted Burgess Ticket, and by Anderjbn himself, with the usual Formalities appended to the Commission, and the feme then delivered to the Petitioner, and Anderflm having ini mediately after withdrawn himself from Pittenweem, and taken Refuge with Sir John Anflruther, the Seal was returned to the Corporation by an Agent of Sir John's, and the Magistrates and the Town, on this Desertion of their-Officer, dismissed him, and appointed fPRliam Walker Cferk in his’ room; and Walker, by their Order, signed and appended the Town Seal to the Petitioner’s said Commission, and executed.with the usual Formalities a Duplicate thereof: And that the EJeftion for. thtr District being appointed for Friday the 17th of last January, BenjaminPlenderleith, Town Clerk of An-

flruther Easter, the presiding Borough, and as such. Returning Officer (though entirely inSi interest, yet not choosing.to expose himself to die Penalties and Forfeitures of Law, for a folfe Return) made a foam Resignation of his Office Two Days before the Election, and one James Chryftie, brought from Edinburgh for the.Purpose, and whole Person, and even Name had never been heard of before in the Boroughs, was appointed in his room; and that accordingly, on the feed Seventeenth Day of January, the Delegates for the Five Boroughs having met at Anflruther Easter, and produced their respective Commissions, an Objection was dated to the Petitioner's Commission from zoeetn, that the Town Seal had not been regularly appended to it; and an Affidavit, by Anderflm the Town Clerk, was offered to be read in Support of this Objection, but refused to be admitted by the Meeting, no other Commission appearing from Pittemoeem, and the Commission to the Petitioner being on the Face of it, regular, formal, and complete; and the Vote being afterwards put, the Three Delegates from Anflruther Wrfler, Kilrenny, and Pittenweem, voted for the Pet itioner to be Member, and the Two Delegates for Anflruther Easterand Craill, for Sir John Anflruther, whereby the Petitioner was duly elected in Terms of the said Act of the 16th of his late Majesty, which limits the Powers of Returning Officers to Acts merely ministerial without any Power or Judgment over the Merits of Commissions to Delegates; yet, to the Aftonifoment, as well as Indignation of all the Country, the said James Chryflie, contrary tobis Trull and Oath, and in Defiance of the Laws of the Land, and of the express Words of the said Statute*

Ixtth taken upon him tq return Sir John Anflruther, as the Person duly elected Member for this District: And therefore praying the House, for Rich Relief in the Premises, as to the House foall seem proper.

Ordered, That the M utter of the said Petition be heard

at the Bar of this House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That foe Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 4th Day of March next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Fourth, " and inserting the Word tf Eighteenth " instead thereof.

And

J . ?t nit her,

9

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

American

Colonies.

3,1° Januarii. A. 1766.

And the Qufeftion being put. That the Word "Fourth" Hand Part of ’the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

I*?.

; TeHersfor theN}.4».

So it passed in the Negative.

: And the Question being put. That the Word " Eighteenth " be inserted instead thereof;

It was refoJved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question, thus amended, being put; k- Resolved, That the Matter of the said Petition be Heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the t8th Day of March next.

A Petition of Thomas Martin, eldest Baillie and first Magistrate, and of the other Persons under-subscribing, Magistrates and Town Counsello’rs of 'the Borough of Piltemveem,>North Britain: And also, y A-Petition of Robert Roeldeft Baillie, and first Magistrate, and of the other Persons under-subscribing, Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of Anjlrvlher Wester, North Britain: And also,

- A. Petition of Andrew Boy ter, eldest Baillie and first Magistrate, and of the other Persons under-subscribing, Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of Kilrenny, North Britain

.Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the presiding Borough of Anstruther Easter being in the Interest of Sir

John Anstruther, a Scheme was formed for pro-_ . curing, at any Rate, a Return in his Favour, and

Benjamin Plender leith, who had been Town Clerk of the said Borough of Avfiruther Easter u pwards of 20 Years, not choosing to rifle the Penalties inflicted by the Statute of the 16th id, one

James Chniftiefrom Edinburgh, a Person wholly unknown to the Boroughs, and of no Character or Substance, was on Wthe i Two Days before the Election, appointed Town Clerk, at a pretended Meeting of Council, held without any previous Notice of the Intention of such Meeting, and against which Appointment* several of the Members then present protested: And the General Election for the District having 1 been held on the 17th January at Anstruther Easter, the Delegate for Kilrenny produced his Commission, and by virtue thereof claimed'to vote, and gave his Vote for Robert Esquire, to be Member, and the Delegates for Anstruther Wester and Pittenweem, having like-wife voted for the said Mr. Robert Alexander, he , hadaclear Majority of Three to Two, but Ckryf-/ie, just made Returning Officer, took upon him- '

self to return Sir John Anstruther, Baronet, who had only the Votes of Two out of thcFiveDelegates; and that the Petitioners, thus arbitrarily and unjustly deprived of One of the most valuable'

Rights of Britons, by a Returning Officer, who,-

in doing so, acted in direct Contradiction to the Act of the 16th of the late King, regulating the Elections in Scotland, fly to the House for Re- dress: All which is most humbly submitted. Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same Time that, the Matter of the Petition of Robert Alexander, Esquire, is appointed to be heard.

Resolved, That this House will proceed, in the First Place, to hear the Matter of the said Return.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Letter from the - Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to Mr. Secretary Conway, inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from William Franklin, Esquire,

Governor of Newjerfey, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated November 13th 1765-

Copy of the Minutesof Council, heldat Burlington, in Newjerjh/, on the 6th and 7th of November 1765.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several’

Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr.

Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 226, -27th, and 28th Days of this instant January, by His< Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Conway also presented to the-House, pursuant to their Address to' His Majesty,

Copy of a Representation from the Lords Commis- America* fioners of the Treasury, to His Majesty, proposing that Court* of the Court of Vice Admiralty, now established at Halifax^ in Nova Scotia, may be removed to the Town of Poftoir,

in the Province of the Mqffachujet's and that Two

other Courts of Vice Admiralty may be eftrtblished in like Manner, the-one at Philadelphia, in Pen/ylvania, and the other at Charles Town, in S Carolina, dated-

4th July 1765: And also, ’ ,

5 July 1765 — Copy of His Majesty’s Order in

Council, referring the aforegoing Representation lo the Lords of the Committee of Council: And also, -15 October 1765 — Copy of an Order of the Lords of the Committee of Council, referring to the Attorney and Solicitor General, the aforegoing Representation, together with the Clauses in the Acts of Parliament of the 4th and;'$th of His present Majesty relative thereto: And also,

21 December' 1765 — 1Copy of the Report made by the-

Attorney and Solicitor General, in pursuance of the aforegoing Committee Order.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other , Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportatioa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,: of

to consider further of the Bill to prohibit the Ex- orn> c" portation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flout, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to American resolve itself into'a Committee of the whole House, to Coloniea.1 consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, ' upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, and 28th Days of this instant -January, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command; '

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to -the House upon the 26th Day of March 1751, relating to the Trade carried on by several of the British Northern Colonies in be referred

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Charters, of-His^lajesty’sColoniesin-^menca, which were presented; to the House upon the 2 2d Day of January 1740, be referred to -the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-r mittee.

Mr-. Speaker left the Chair. - -

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker rqfumed the Chair;

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they' had examined several'- Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that

hit

Muck Icy Corner, See. Road-

6 Geo. III. 3 \ Januarii. — Februarii. . 509

he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rej'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, izd, 27th, and 28th Days of this in-slant Jannaty, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lun/Z) 3" die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Gentlemen, Freehold-ers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of in the County of Stafford, and of the City of Litchfield, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads from MCorner, (adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Litchfield aforesaid) over a Common, called Ogley Hey, or Litchfield Heath, to and through Rnshall, and from thence to Walsall aforesaid, and along a Road, called The Nezo Mills Lane, to and through and thence

to the Turnpike Road, leading from to

Bridge, and from the End of a Lane, at a Place called Toll End, in the Parish of Tipton (communicating with the Turnpike Road last mentioned) through the same . Lane, to the other End thereof, at a Place called ley Heath, and entering the Turnpike Road there, leading from Birmingham to Dudley, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and from Tor tic ay, upon or ad-

joining to the said Turnpike Road, so leading from Bil-ston to Great Bridge as aforesaid, to and through lajton, in the said County of Stafford, and from thence by James Bridge, to and through Pleck Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Walsall aforesaid, to Wolverhampton, and from the Turnpike Road leading from Chester to London, at Church Bridge, in the said County of Stafford, through Great W and Great Bloxioich, in the same County, to the Brook at Walsall aforesaid, are become very ruinous and dangerous for Travellers, and are in many Parts too narrow, and that some of the Brooks thereon are totally impatTable at some Times in the Winter Season: And therefore praying. That Leave-may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads before-mentioned, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Grey, Lord Garlies, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

reau, Mr. Ldfcelles, Mr. Clayton, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Codrington, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Sir Robert Lad-

broke, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Touchet, Lord val, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Mr. Cafwall, Mr.

Prowse, Lord Carysfort; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, W<

Derby, Salop, Chester, and the Principality of Wiales And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Voi,. 30.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to' fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades- Wednetbury, men, and otherlnhabitants, of the Towns of Wednesbury. *c-

and Bilflon, and the Places adjacent, in the County of Road* Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was -presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from a Place in Wednesbury aforesaid, called High Bullen, through Troufe Lane, over bury Fields, and along Bull's Lane, and from the said;

Lane, aicross Moxleys Fields, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway, and from thence through Bilflon, to Gibbet Lane End, next adjoining the Turnpike Road leading to Wolverhampton, and from Bilflon aforesaid, along Windmill Lane, and Lane,

to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton aforesaid, towards Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester; and from a House in Bilflon aforesaid, now in the Occupation of Joseph Brown, through a Lane, on the North Side of Bilflon Chapel Yard; to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton aforesaid, towards Walsall, in the said County of Stafford; and from the Bridge, at the Bottom of the said Town of Bilflon, along Duck Lane, to a House, now in the Occupation of Amos Shale, into the last mentioned Road, leading from Bilflon, towards Walsall, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other without great Difficulty; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept, in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lord

Grey, Mr. Montagu, Lord Garlies,bAr. Lewis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Lafcedes, Mr. Clayton, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Jackson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Thoroton, Sir George Montgomery Metharn, Mr. Price, Lord Caiysfort,

Mr. Touchet, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Sharpe, Sir ffeph Maw-

bey, Mr. Patcrfon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles I'rederick,

General Whitmore, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Grey, Lord Frederick Campbell,'Sir. Bacon; and all the.

Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Worcester, Warwick, Salop, Chester, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House w’as moved. That the Petition of several _ of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution Two lie- pi &ec_ ' veral Acts of Parliament, made, the one in the Twelfth Road, of King George the First, the other in the Twelfth of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; and also, the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Nottingham, living in and near the d own of East Retford, in the said County; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, the one in the Twelfth of King George I. the other in the Twelfth of King George II. for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Lit-

tle Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; which were presented to the House upon Friday lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

6 O mino

510 Februariu A. 17

mipe the Matters thereof; «#d report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. ffewelt, Mr.

Mr. Kynqfion, Mr. LafceMr. Sir Alexander

Grant, Mr. Taamshend, Sir Jarrit SSjr

Mr. lloablon, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Carysfort, Sir William Maynard, General Whitmore, Mr. Onslow, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burt, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gqfcoyne, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cholmley, 'Slr.Jenyns, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r. M r. Lewis, Mr. Dun-

das, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Saunders, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Ijwmdes, Sir Armine Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Pater/on, Mr. Prmf Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, Derby, York, Durham, and Northumberland-. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wilden Ferry A Petition of the Mayor and Bqrgeffes of the Town »n the Trent of Kingston upon Hull: And also,

M f,0R- A Petition of the Wardens, Elder Brethren, and Af-<Canal.IVCr fistants, of the Guild, or Brotherhood, of Mailers and Pilots Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill, for a navigable Canal, or Cut, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, to the River; and alleging, that

these Petitioners apprehend, that such navigable Cut, or Canal, will be attended with many beneficial Consequences to the Public: And therefore praying, That such Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmpp, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and York, and the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themfplves and others, is referred.

Shrew (bury Petition of the M^yor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Bridge. 7 of the Town of ShreuJburyin the County of Salop, and

of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said County and Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Bridge, called the Stone Bridge, leading info the said Town, is in a ruinous Condition, and, by Means of the present Buildings Handing thereon, and on a bn all I Hand in the Middle thereof, joining thereto, is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous, and the Avenues leading thereto are very incommodious in Time of Floods; and that in Time of Floods tlte Passage for Water under the said Bridge is impeded by the Narrowness of the Arches, and by several small Buildings erected within and near the Arches thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the said Bridge, for making the Avenues thereto more commodious, and a free Passage through the Arches of the said Bridge, and for erecting a Temporary Bridge while the Purposes aforesaid are carrying into execution, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the fold Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the some, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Carysfort,

Mr. Byde, Mr. Pater/on, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Cqfioall, Lo«J Frederick Campbell, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

LqfceUes, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Tosvnjkend, Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Stevens, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Shqftoe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Hardy,

Mr. Shiftier, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir Walter HUtcket,

Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Mr. Waller,

Sir Robert Ladbroke; and all the Member* who serve

for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, Hereford, and Chester; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lotondes presented to the House, according to Hafrkon Order, a Bill for confirming an Award made for divid- Inclosure. ing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of flafelton, in the County, of And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Masters of Ships Liverpool and V effete, of the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are Pilot*.

fwbscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Entrance into the said Port is very dangerous without a (kilful Pilot, and that several Ships and Lives have of late Years been loft, owing to the Negligence and Ignorance of Persons taking upon them to conduct Ships and Vessels into and out ox the said Port; and that the Rates, or Prices, for conducting Ships, or Vessels, into or out of the said Port, are not settled by any Law or Charter $ and that the Petitioners apprehend, that a proper Regulation of the Pilots for the Port of Liverpool, and the ascertaining of their Rates, or Prices, would tend greatly to promote and encourage Trade and Navigation, and he of public Utility: And therefore praying. That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Regulation of thenfots for the said Port, and the ascertaining of their Rates, or Prices, in stich Manner, and under and subject to such Powers,

Provisions, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper, just, and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee. ^nd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it'

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Meredith, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Tudway, Mr. fultrell, Mr, Mr.

Shiftier, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Butler, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr,

Thoroton, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Eliot, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Sandys, Sir William Baker, Sir George Savile, Sir Jure it Smith, Mr. Child, Sir Joseph Maxcbcy, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Dodd, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Fuller, Mr,

Stevens, Mr. Byde, Mr. Middleton, Mr. , Sir

Walter Blacket, Mr. Ridley, Lord Strange, Mr. Grey,

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Darker, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Barrozv; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, Northumberland,

Durham, W<f mor eland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, witton BUdga and Manufacturers, in the Town of Liverpool, in the M County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and rULi. read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed of an Application being intended to be made to Parliament for lowers to make a Navigable Canal, or Cut, from the Navigable Part of Witton Brook, at Witton Bridge, near Northwich, in the County of Chaffer, to or near Macclesfield, and from the same Place, m or near Mottrqm, to Stockport, in the said County, and from Stockport aforesaid, to Manchester, in the fold County of

Lancasterand alleging, that these Petitioners conceive

the

6 Geo. III. 3° Februarii.

the making such Canal will tend to the Benefit Trade and Commerce, and be of great Utility: And therefore praying. That a Bill for maintaining such Canal, or Cut, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the several Towns of Manchester, Stockport, Macclesfield, Knutsferd, and Nortkwich, and Parts adjacent, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Ckefier, is referred.

Croxton Mr. Thornton prefen ted to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Croxton, otherwise Croxton Kei'ial, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refalvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Braunton Mr. Thoroton presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill fordividing and inclolitig the Open Arable Lands, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Braunjton, otherwise Branin the County of

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Waltham Mr. Thoroton presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Waltham, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of Leicester:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Patcrjbn presented to the House, according to

Malt Duties. Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1766: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Michd’s Mr. Z>w>r> reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michel, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tables

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrofred.

Stort River Ordered, That Lord North, Lord Thomond, Lord Navigation. Carysfort, Sir John Griffin, Sir Robert Long, Sir William Baker, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Brand, Mr. Prefect, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Blackstone, be added *0 the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles George Jackson,

and WHHam Masterman, Esquires, and also of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Commissioners named in an Act of Parliament therein mentioned, for making navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Effiex; anti for putting in execution the Powers for that Purpose, by the said Act given; is referred.

Importation Ordered, That there be laid before th is House, an Ac-

of Gloves, count of the Quantity of foreign-manufactured Leather Gloves and Mittins imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years; distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all foreign-manufactured Leather Gloves and Mitts, which have been seized, by the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in England, and condemned, for Seven Years past; dist each Year; with the Produce arising from the Sale thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, an Vol. 30.

5M

Account of all foreign Kid and Lamb Skins, undreft, imported, for Seven Years past; distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties on the Importation thereof.

A Petition of 1 Edward Stokes, Clerk, Incumbent of coantefthoi-pe the Rectory and Parish Church of cum Countef- IncloAue. thorpe, in the County of Lekefier, Thomas Maior, Thomas Giltam, Thomas Hajtings, John Younge, and others* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of die Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and are* in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer, Sir Joseph Mawbey, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Thompson, from Account; the Office of Register General of Trading Ships, at- Ships cltared tended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, °ut fr.om presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, merica.

An Account of all Ships arrived in the Ports of this Kingdom, which have cleared out from any of the Bri-tijh Colonies in America, since the ill November last, specifying the Colonies from whence they have been respectively cleared out; and also, whether any, and which, of the said Ships have offered to make any Entries here, without having their Clearances and other Papers properly stampdd, agreeable to an Act passed the last Session of Parliament j and what has been done in consequence thereof

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22(1, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to irimmingtorf whom the Pet ition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- and ers. Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the County of Her- Chesterfield by, residing near, and usually travelling, the High Roads Ro*dl*

therein aftermentioned, lying in the County of Derby aforesaid, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Greenwood, being examined, said. That he knows the Roads from the Worksop Turnpike Road, at Brim-mington, through fiunfon and Culthorpe, to the several Turnpike Roads upon the High Moors leading from Chef erf eld, to the several Bridges of Calver, Bajlow,

Rowfiey, Harley, and Matlock, all in the County of Derby; and also to the Turnpike Road fron> Sheffield to Hathersage, in the County of Derby; and also the Road, branching out of the abqveipcntioned High Road, at a Plqce called, the Four Lane Ends, near Barlow, in the County of Derby, and leading from thence, through

Newbold,

12 3° Feb'ruarii.' / 17

Ncvbold, to the Town of Chef e)field aforesaid; that the said Roads are in many Places exceedingly deep and founderous, and in some Parts so narrow as not to be passable for Carriages; and that they cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill' for repairing and widening the Roads from and Chef erfield, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned: And that Mr. Fitxherbert, Mr. Fuller, and Lord George Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bedford A Petition of Thomas Esquire, a Minor, by

Indof.ire. Hannah, the Wife of John Prudotn, Gentleman, hisTu-trix or Guardian, Lord of the Manor of other-

wife Beeforth, in Holdemefs in the County of York, and also Owner of divers Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor or Township; of William Aubrough, Ralph Goforth, Thomas Acklom, Tho-

mas Browne, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township of otherwise

Beeforth aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That there are, within the said Township, certain Open and Common Fields and Grounds, reputed to contain about 3,000 Acres, which have been usually held and enjoyed by the OwnerS thereof, according to the Number of Oxgangs of Land, Cottage Rights, and other Rights, which they respectively have therein; and that, if the said Fields and Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would be for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Peter Burrell, and Mr. OJbaldefon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Snllinjjton Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to

nc o ure. rder, a' Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common

Waste Ground, Open Fields, Open Meadow’s, Grounds, and Ings, within the Parish of in the Coun-

ty of York: And the same was received; and read the Firff Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bormefter The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Burmesler,

John Wienholt, and Julius Conrad Ridder.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 8. Leave out "and."

1. 11. After " ," insert " and Pe-

" ter Duval, Son of David Duval,

" by Elizabeth du Rover ay, his W ife,

" born at ."

1. 24. Leave out " and."

25. After " Bidder," insert "and Peter " Duval."

Pr. 2. 1. 4. Leave out " and."

5. After " insert " and Peter

" Duval."

3. 1. £. Leave out " and, " and after "Ridder,"

insert " and 14. Leave out "and," and after " Ridder," insert " and Peter Duval."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " and, " and after " Ridder," add " and Peter Duval."

The said Amendments, being severallyread a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill to *5

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.;

Mr. Fitxherbert reported from the Committee, to Mansfield, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- &e. holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition

Mr. John Gladwin said. That he knows the Road from the N ine Mile Stone upon the Mansfield and Turnpike Road, through Temple

Neio Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field

Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the said County; that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places impassable in the Winter Season; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired, and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chefierficid Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton,

Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby: And that Mr. Fitxherbert, Mr. Price, and Lord George Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Importation Report from the Committee of the whole House, to of Com-whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to importation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Oat*, consider further of the Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited.

Duty free;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportation resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Corn, &c. consider further of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn,. Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to be limited;

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, which was presented to the House upon Friday the 17 th Day of January last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.,.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee,

That

6i Geo. III. 5* — 5 F51 j

That, they had made several other Amendments, to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House. will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

American The other Order of the Day being read, for the Colonies. House to resolve, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon, the 14th, 2zd,27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, by His Majesty’s Command;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Stamp-Office, 31 January 1766, f‘ Mr. Brdt.cU,with an Extract of a Letter from Mr.

" Hinjkelwood, Distributor of Stamps at Nova Scotia;

and with a Copy of an Incendiary Letter to him,

dated November lft, 1765 And also.

Extract of a Letter from the Collector and Comptroller at Philadelphia, to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated- ill December 1765.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Couljderation of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M x.-Fuller reported from the Committee, That they

.had. made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Comm ittee to movo, that they may have Leave to lit again.

And the Hoftfe having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Morning;

Reftdved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to . consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon ♦he 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Yeft&r-day, by His Majesty’s Command.

The postponed Order of the Day being read; Importation Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-of Oats, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for allowing the Importation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, Duty free.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to makq a Motion.

Aud he moved the House a,cpordingly.

American Ordered, That Dennis Du Esquire, do, To-

Colonies. morrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole Hoijfc, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr.. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31 ll Days of January last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Yesterday, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Sherwood do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Robert Charles, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Renjamin Franklin, Esquire, do attepd . the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Henry Esquire, do attend the

laid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, Thajt George Walker, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Stephen F Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at. the same Time.

Ordered, That William Knox, Esquire, do attend the . said Committee, t at the same Tima.

, Vol. 30.

Ordered, That Edward Montagu, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert. Ladbroke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Barlow Trecothick, Esquire, do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That James Crockatt, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Brooke Watson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stewart do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr George Hayleydo attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert Franklyn do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Athawes do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Capei IIanbury do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Mildred do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Kelly, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Stephen Sayer, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Bolan, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Smith, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Powell, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Wentworth, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Balfour, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain William Davis do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Oj'dered, That Mr. John Bland do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Nicholas Ray, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurity 5° die Februarii;

Anno 6® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

ABIL L for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows^ Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Brndenell, Sir Joseph Maw bey, Mr. -t cat. Sir James DaJInvood, Mr. , Mr. Shifher,

' Tklx.Onslow, Mr. West, Mr . FMr. Townshend, . Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whitworth, Mir Fuller, Mr Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr WaNix.Edmonjtone, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Morton, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. CheUvynd, Sir John Delaval, Lord Brownlozo Bertie,

Lord George Sackvilfe, Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles A/ordaunt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr Stevens, Lord FrederickCS\v Matthew

Lamb, Mr. Forrester, Mr. , Mr. Vanfittarf. Sir

6 P Roger

American

Colonies.

Bladon

Indolure.

5H

5° Febrttarii. A. 1766.

Roger Mofiyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Wilts, and: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Committed. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Great Tew A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Paftnres, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, and Tything, of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Rejblvcd., That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, General A'Cour Sir James Dashwood, Mr.

Brudenell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Beauclerk, Mr.

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Butter, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Bagof, Lord Strange, Mr. Keck, Mr. Onslow, Mr. HMr. Harris, Lord Brown-

low Bertie, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Mr. Pat erf on,

Mr. Bull, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Rice, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys.

Lord George Sackville, Sir John Delava I, Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Grey, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Champion, General Whitmore, Mr. Brand, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cavendish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Wilts, and Somerset And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t. Botolph, A Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and Aldgate, employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Botolph, oor‘ Aldgate, in the City of London, was read aSecond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Paterson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Rice, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bootle, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Lafcelle Mr. Coventiy, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gascoyne Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pennant, Geneva Whitmore, Mr.^//?n6/e, Mr. Waller, Sir Walter B/ackel, Mr. Garth, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Au-frere. Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Coufts, Mr. Shi finer,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. TowMr. Blackstone, Sir Glynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Whateley, Lord Bertie, Mr.

ton. Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the City of Ixmdon, and the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Surrey, and

Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brigham A Petition of William Brigham, Esquire, Lord of the Inclufure. Manor of Brigham, in the Parish of Fojton, in the East Riding of the County of York, aind Owner of divers Messuages, I^ands, and Hereditaments, in Brigham aforesaid, William Wilberforce, and William Paul, Esquiros, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Brigham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several large Open Arable Fields, and Parcels of Meadow, and Pafiure and Commonable Grounds, reputed to contain about 1200 Acres, and which have been usually held and enjoyed by the Owners thereof, according to their Number of Oxgangs and Common Rights; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of mutual Benefit to the Persons interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-lirk’tions, as to the House ftmll seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Tuffnett, Mr. Paterson, and Mr. Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are 16

thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of* the High Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parishes of Saint George, and Mary, Netting* ton, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth, That several of the Petitioners* and others, have petitioned this House, for a Bill for paving and regulating the said Streets, and for clean-ling, lighting, and watching the fame; and also several Courts, Yards, Alleys, and other Places, communicating with the said Streets; and alleging, that it would be of public Convenience, if the present paved Part of While Street, being very iliort, and adjoining to Kent Street, near Saint George's Church and likewise the Con-elusion of the Pavement in that Part of the said Parifll of Saint George, was to be included in the said Bill; and that it would be a means of facilitating the execution of the Act prayed for by the former Petition, if Powet was given to collect a small Toll on Sundays, on the RoadS communicating with the said Streets, to be ap*-plied for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JoJ’eph Mr.

son, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Edmonjtone, Mr. Prolife, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Strange, Lord Garlies, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Howard, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Rice, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Harris, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Shuttlcicorth, Mr. GaJ-cotpie. General Whitmore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Garth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Bull, Mr. Burrell, Mr. ForreJler, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bur-

goyne, Mr. Vane, Sir William Meredith; and all the Members who serve for the Counties Sujffex,

Middlesex, Hertford, Ejff'ex, Kent, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8oathwatfc

Street*.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Dartford, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living c. ' in and near the Road leading from the and Lion Road.

Back Gate, in Hartford, in the County of into ami through a certain Street called Low field, in the said Town of Hartford, to Sutton Place, in the Parish of Sutton Athene, in the said County: and from thence, through Sutton Street, to the Turnpike Road, at the West End of Farmingham, in the said County; and from the White Post, at the Eall End of Farmingham aforesaid, to and through EipisJ'ord Street, in the said County, by ford Church, into and through the Road called the Upper Way, to Otford, in the said County; and from thence through Otford Street, to the Pond, at the North End of the Town of Seven Oaks, in the said County; and also the Road (being about a Quarter of a Mile) leading out of the before-mentioned Road, at the South-West Corner of the Garden Wall belonging to Sutton Place aforesaid, to the South-West Corner of the Garden Wall belonging to the Mansion House, in Darentk Street, in the said County, now in the Occupation of Mr. Thomas Scrimfour; and the Road leading from Eynsford Church, to the Farm House belonging to George Pawley, at the West End of Eynsford: and also the Hoad marked and flaked out, containing in Length One hundred and Two Perches, or thereabouts, leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Eynsford and Otford, through a Field or Farm Y'ard belonging to Shoreham Castle Farm, into the Road leading from Lulling f one Park to Shoreham, in the said County; was presented to the HouL, and read; Setting forth, That the said Roads are in many Places greatly out of Repair, and in other Places so narrow that a single Horse cannot pals a Carriage: And therefore praying* That LeavemAy be

givep

6 Geo. III.

Februarii.

given to bring in a Bill to widen, alter, repair, and amend the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr. Brdnd,

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Lord Garlics, Sir

Brook Brydges, Lord Mountjluart, Mr. Ridley, Mr. derburn. Sir Joseph MawbMr. Paterson, Mr. Bull, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Lord

Strange, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Harvey, Sir Mr. Ewer, Lord Catherloug Mr. Jennings, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Burrell, Mr. GaJcoyne, Mr. Mr.

Coutts, Mr. Fonnereaw, and all the Members who serve for tile Counties of Kent, Su and Surrey: and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Walltogton Sir Frdncis Vincent reported from the Committee, to

Small Debts, whom the Bill for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Roxejly, otherwise Ruxley, and of and in

the County of Kent, to the Hundred of , in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at-the Clerk’s fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Grimoldby

Inckifure.-

Tunbridge

tft

Mares field

Road*

Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the CrofsWays, near Mares field ingrossed. Street, in the County of Sujffex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

bord, Mr. Wedilerburn, Mr. Brand-, and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Kent-, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Gervafc Scrope, Esquire, Lord of the Manor, and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Land?, within the Parish of Grimoldby, in the County of

Lincoln, was prtfented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there areTwo Open Common Fields, called The East Field and The West Field, and also divers Meadow Grounds; and other Commonable Places, within the said Manor and Parish, which belong to the Petitioners and others; and that the Property in the said Fields, Meadow's, and Commonable Places, isdifperfed, and is inconveniently situated; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested and of public Utility:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House fha.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that. Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rice reported from the Committee, to whom the Gwendmeth Bill to enable Thomas Kymer, Esquire, to make a navi- Navigation, gable Cut, or Canal, from Little Gioendraeth River, near the Tow’ii of Kidwely, to the Great For eft and Pwll Lly-god, in the County of Carmarthen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fp-veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were difogreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

God done to

XmA Grinftc*! Acad.

ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from G odd one, in the County of Surrey, to High Gale, in the Parish of E in the County of Suffer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Sackville, Mr. Pater/bn, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Jennings, Mr. Garth, Mr. Alderman Harley. Si r Robert Lad-

broke, Mr. Wynne, "Sir Edmonjtone, Mr. Mr.

Harris, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Byde, Lord BroxcnlowBertie, Mr. Mr. Norris,

Lord Moun/Jleicart, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Shiffher, Mr. Prowse, Lord Strange, Lord Garlies, Mr.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Maugeribury Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Inclosure. Hamlet of Maugerfbury, in the Parish of Stoio on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Whitmore, Mr GaJ'coyne, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Burton, Mr. Mr.

Edmonstone, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Harris, Mr. AldermaiK Harley, ~M.r.Paterson, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Ezver, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Burgoyne, Mr. Fuller, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Alontagu, Sir John Griffin, Sir John Glynne,\lr.Pennant,\lr.Cust, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Francis Delaval, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr worth. Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Forrester; and all the

Members who fe, rve for the Counties o Worcester, Oxford, Warwick, Salop, Hereford, and Somerset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Maire, Christopher Wilkinson,

George Clavering, and William Lodge, Esquires, Joshua Dixon, and JonathanNewton, Gentlemen, and the several

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being severally and respectively Owners of, or interested in, the Open Grounds, Pastures, and Moor or Tract of Waste Land, therein aftermentioned, for and in behalf of thfemselves and the several Owners of, and Proprie

4

Bowes

Inclosure.

Toicnjhend, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Onjlorv, Mr. Har- fors interested in, the said Open Grounds, Pastures, and Voi.. 30. Track

5° Februarii. 1766.

Tract of Waste, respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the Manor of Bowes, in the County of York, a large Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Bowes Moor, confiding of several Thousand Acres; and there are also, within the said Manor, several Parcels of Open Ground, or Pastures, called Bowes Cow CloJ'e, containing by Eli i mat ion 600 Acres, Bowes , about

500 Acres, the -Ox Pasture, about 400 Acres,

Inn Moor, about 240 Acres, and Thornbkiry, about 300 Acres; which Open Grounds or Pastures, as also some Parts of the said Moor or d raft of Waste Land, the Petitioners are desirous may be inclosed, and divided amongii the several Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lascelles and Lieutenant General Whitmore do prepare, and bring in, the ftmie.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to in-Law*. quire what I^aws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Garth, Lord Strange, Mr Gore, Mr. Burgoyne, Mr Mr. Mr.

Forrester, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Mr.

Ezocr, \lr.Jennbigs, Mr. General Whitmore, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Sir James Dashwood, Mt. HMr. Knight, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Waller, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Mr. Wynn, Lord Mr. Lowndes,

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Jac Mr. Grant, M r.

Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Whitmore, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Norris, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Mr. Howard,

Mr. Whitworth, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Burt, Mr. Morant, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Lord Mountftewart, Mr and all the

Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing, ami granting to His Majesty, Malt Dutie*, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry, l'or &c* the Service of the Year 17 66, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

had made to the Bill; and which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was committed, be now received.

Sir Joseph Mazvbey accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directe4 him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from Governor to Mr. Se-

cret ary Conway, Brunswick, North Carolina, 5 November 1765. Received 4th February 1766. inclosing, Extract of a private Letter from a Merchant at

Charles Town, 29th October 1765,

Extract of a Letter from Francis Fauquier, Esquire,

Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, to Mr, Secretary Conzeay, Williamsburgh, November 24th, 1.765. Received 4th February 1766: And also,;

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Fauquier to Mr. Secretary Conzoay, De-

cember nth, 1765. Received 4th February 1766.

And the Titles of the said Papers were rend.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papersj, which wrere presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Conzeay, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon Monday Xzxfx, by His Majesty’s Command. The said Papers are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Thenford Mr. Townftiend presented to the House, according

luclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Fields, Common Paftu res. Common Meadows, Com- count of the Amount of the Duties paid, in His Majesty’s ttion Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Sugar Colonies, on Sugar exported from thence to the Manor and Parish of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, in Northern Colonies in America, from Chrijbnas 1754 to the County of Northampton: And. the same was re- Chrijbnas 1764; distinguisiiing each Year, and Colony.

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the I louse

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tlbufe, Price of Ordered, That the Clerks of the Market at Oxford, to consider further of the Bill for allowing the Importa-Wheat. Cambridge, Winchester, and Windsor, do forthwith trans- tion of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be mit to the Clerk of this House, an Account of the bell limited, Duty free, be now read.

Prices of Wheat and Malt in the said Markets, on the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Market Days next preceding iMdy Day and Michaelmas the House resolved itself into the said Committee, in each Year, from the Year 1660, to the present Time. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Exportation Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Ex- Sir Mawbey reported from the Committee,

Com, tec. portation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, That they had made several other Amendments to the Biscuit, and Starch, for a Time to he limited, was com- Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the tnitted, be now received. House will please to receive the same.

Sir Joseph Mazvbey accordingly reported from the said , That the Report be received Tomorrow

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee . Morning.

The

Importation of Cora.

American

Colonies.

Account; Sugar.

Importation of Oats.

6 G EC. III. 5d-~7° Fe 517

Supply- The Order of the Day "being read, fof the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for tire House to «nd Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the 0Die*’ whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and this Day, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer Upon Monday last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred? and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit tUl paftOne of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and Yesterday, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon Monday last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 70 dieFebruarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIltU Regis, 1766,

Hafelton

Inclosure.

Pr AYERS.

A BILL for confirming an Award made for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of Hafelton, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Mr. Kynaston, Lord George Sackv Mr. Ward, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Willoughby, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. ShiffSir Joseph

Sir John Glynne, Mr Coventry, Sir Mr. Jackson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Alexander Grant, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Ward, , Mr. Stevens, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr. Rice, Mr.

Lafcclles, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Thrale; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Wilts, Oxford, Berks, and Buckingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

W*ltin&ton An ingrossed Bill for extending the Provisions of an small Debts. Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Voi. 30.

more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, Within the Hundreds of Blackhca/h, of Bromley and Becken* ham, of Rokefly, otherwise Ruxley,. an of and Leffness, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Bldckhealh, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokejly,' otherwise Ruxley, and of and

in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Houblon reported from the Corhmittee, to whom stort Rivtf the Petition of Charles Dingley, George Jackson, and Navigation. William Maflerman, Esquires, and also the several other

Persons, whose Names a"- thereunto subscribed, Commissioners named in an Act of Parliament therein mentioned, for making navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, and for putting in execution the Powers for that Purpose by the said Act given, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as iblloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and the Clerk to the said Commissioners produced the original Minute Book of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, by which itappeared,

That since the passing the said Act, the Commissioners have, in pursuance thereof, had several Meetings, if» order to put the same in execution; but from the Difficulty of procuring the Loan of a sufficient Sum of Money, upon the Security in the said Act provided, for carrying on and completing the said Navigation, and from other Causes of Impediment appearing to the said Commissioners, no Progress has hitherto been made tb effect the said Navigation; and the said Act hath proved wholly ineffectual for that Purpose.

That a Proposal had been made to the said Commissioners, by the Petitioner, Charles Dingley, on behalf of himself and the other Petitioners, George Jackson and William Maflerman -, that in case the said Commissioners would concur in obtaining another Act of Parliament, whereby the said Charles Dingley, George Jackson, and William Maflerman, should be inverted with fit Powers and Authorities, and whereby proper Tolls and Duties should be vested in them and their Heirs and Assigns, as aConsideration, that they would undertake, at their own Expence (exempt from all Expences theretofore incurred) and risk the making ofi supporting, maintaining, and rendering effectual the said Navigation; and that the said Navigation should be so perfected within Five Years after the passing of the same Act; and that the said Commissioners, being of Opinion that the said Act, as it now Hands, cannot be carried into execution, or the said Navigation otherwise effected than by private Undertaking, and having duly considered the said Proposal, did fully approve thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex: And that Mr.

Houblon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir John Griffin Griffin,

Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Pturner, the Lord North, and Mr. Byde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Strotham unto subscribed, having Right of Common in and upon ^nc^[ure’ a certain Common, called Stretham Common, and also in c‘

6 Q and

5ig

7° Februarii. A. 1766.

and upon other Commonable Lands, tailed Fen Lands, in the Parish of Stretham, in the Isle of Ely, and in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Part of the fair! Common, called Stretham Common, is subject to be frequently overflowed, and in its present Condition yields but little Profit to the Persons interested therein; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the same was embanked and drained, it would be a great Improvement of their respective Estates, and be of public Utility; and that the said Common is separated from the said Lands called Fen Lands, by the River Ouze, and at present the Cattle of the Petitioners pass from one to the other, through a long, deep, and dangerous Ford; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage, if a Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ford: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House fha.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John llynde Cotton, Sir

ander Grant, Lord Carysfort, Mr Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Lozondes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Willoughby, Mr.1 CoventryMr. Lascelles, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Coutts, Mr.

Waller, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Houblon, Mr Jackson, Mr. Mr Mr.

Buller, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Thurloc, Mr. Laurence, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Barrow, Sir Mr. Rice, Lord George Sackville, Sir Jtfejdi Mr Gulston, Mr. Townshend, Lord Garlics, Mr

Mr.Sandys, Sir RogerMofiyn, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Hunt and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

City of Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to

London whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and' new ueets. Commons, of the City of , in Common Council

assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as k appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the feme, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read: Then,

Mr. William Davidson, Clerk to the Comptroller of the Chamber of London, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in carrying the said Act into execution, but Doubts have arisen, whether the Schedules annexed to the same are well and sufficiently referred to, by reason whereof the Proceedings carried on under the said Act, may hereafter be drawn into Question, and the City liable to vexatious Suits, unlefe the same be explained and amended.

Mr. Recorder of London informed your Committee, That upon Application to the Court of Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, to have Estates valued, which the City have found necessary to purchase for the Purposes of the Act. when the Jury have been impannelled and sworn, and the Court ready to proceed, the Parties have not agreed concerning the Titles of the respective Owners, or Proprietors, or Persons claiming to be such, in which Cafes the Court hath been greatly embarrassed how to proceed, not conceiving themselves or such J ury 2a'

to be a proper Jurisdiction to try Titles — and lie further informed your Committee, that there is no Provision in the Act, for the Determination of Questions arising upon Titles; that the Court of Aldermen are obliged to take upon themselves to determine such Questions in a particular Cafe, under a few general Words, which provide, that the Purchase Money for Estates shall be paid out of the Bank as the Court of Aldermen shall direct — That he does not think the Court of Aldermen a Jurisdiction proper to have Powers of this Sort given to it; and that other Provisions are necessary, in order to give Parties interested in any of the Premises, to be purchased under the Act, an easy and effectual Method of ascertaining their respective Interests, and coming at the Value thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same, and for ot her Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir

Richard Glyn, and Mr. Alderman Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcafer Cross, named and appointed in, or duly

elected in pursuance of, an Act passed in the 14th ofhi3 late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of 1 adcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to and

from thence to Borough Bridge, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees to that District of the said Roads, which leads from Doncaster, thrbugh Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcafer Cross, have borrowed i'eve-ral Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties granted upon the said District; and the fame, or the greater Part thereof, together with the Tolls collected on that Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and the said Road is in -a groat Measure repaired, but there now remains due the Sum of Two thousand Four hundred Pounds; anil that the said District of Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the said Monies repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further enlarged and continued: And therefore pray ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term, Powers, and Authorities, given and granted by the said Act, so far as they relate to the said Road from Doncaster, through Ferry,

to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Proicfe, Sir George Savile, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Paterson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Pye, Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bullet, Mr. Harris, Sir

John Glynne, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Carysfort, Sir Jofeyh Mau'bey, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Bagot, Mr Stevens, Lord Strange, Lord Grey, Lord

Mexborough, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Gran, Mr. Mr.

Sibthorpe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, land, Westmoreland, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And

Doncaftef

to

Tadcdfter

Read*

‘Tonbridge

to

Maresfield

Road.

Gwendraeth

Navigaiion.

Heddingtoa

Indoiure.

t

Richmond

(Surrey)

Poor.

6 Geo. III. 70 Februar 519

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge in the County of Kent, to the Ways, near

field Street, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge , in the County of Kent, to the Crof Ways, near Mare afield Street, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Kymer, Esquire, to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Gwen-

draeth River, near the Town of Kidu cly, to the Great Forest and Pwll Llygod, in the County of Carmarthen,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Thomas Kymer, Esquire, to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Little Gwendraeth River, near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great and Pwll Llygod, in the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. maurice, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Harris, Colonel Barri, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Burton, Sir John Glymie, Mr. Way, Mr. Onjloio, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr Lord George Sackville, Mr. Mr. Rest, Sir

James Dashicood, Mr. OJbaldeJlo, Mr. Alderman Beck-

ford, Mr. Paterson, Mr. TMr. Shiftier, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Garth, General A'Court, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Penton, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Ilarbord, Mr. Mr.

Proufe, Mr. Aufrere, Sir RoberMr. Knight, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Montagu, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Mi lies; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Hants, Devon, and Cormoall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, Parishioners of the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor belonging to the said Town and Parish are numerous, idle, dissolute, and unemployed, and the Streets, Lanes, and Passages thereof, are, in general, ill paved, and are not properly cleansed and lighted, and the public Highways are greatly out of Repair; and there is no Nightly Watch; and representing to the House, that, if the Poor were properly employed and regulated, and the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, well paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Public Highways repaired, it would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and all Persons possessed of Estates within the said Town and Parish: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Penton, Mr. Grant, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Agfrere, Mr. Knight, Mr ..EweMr. Sir

Vo l.30.

Robert Burdett, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Way, Mr. Proufe, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Garth, Colonel Barre, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Sir Francis

Vincent, Mr. Burton, Sir Armine Sir John

Wynn, Kir. Campbell, Mr. HobaMr. Hot ham, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Befl, Mr. Milles, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Tmvnjhend, Mr. OJbuldejion, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Buller, Sir Robert Ladbroke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, Kent, and Southampton And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powrer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert Lord Archbishop of York, and the humble Petition of the Mayor and Recorder of the Town of Beverley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Queen Elizabeth, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal, dated the Second Day of July, in the Twenty-lirft Year of her Reign, did give and grant to the Mayor, Governors, and Burgesses, of Beverley, and their Successors, certain Chauntries, Lands, Tenements, and Rents, for the Maintenance and Reparations of the Fabric of the Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, for ever; and that Sir Michael Wharton, Knight, by his Will, dated the 23dDay oi May 1724, gave Four thousand Pounds, to be a perpetual Fund, to keep in good Repair the said Church, or Minfier, to be under the Direction of the Archbishop of York, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of York, and the Mayor and Recorder of Beverley for the Time being; and that, pursuant to a Decree and several Orders of the Court of Chancery, the said Four thousand Pounds, so left by the said Sir Michael Wharton'& Will, was, in the Year 1746, vested in the Purchase of a real Estate; and that, as the Fabric of the said Collegiate Church, or Minster, is now, and for several Years pall has been, in such perfect Repair, there is great Reason to think the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, granted by Queen Elizabeth as aforesaid, will fully answer every Expence attending the future Support and Reparation of the said Fabric; and that the Rents and Produce of the said real Estate, so purchased with the said Sir Michael IFAarfo?i’s. Benefaction, will become a useless Fund: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for applying the Surplus, from Time to Time arising therefrom, in such Manner, as to the House, upon bringing in of the said Bill, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Tujftnell, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. DeGrey, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir James Peachey, General A'Court, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Bullock, Sir William Cod Mr. Thomas Fon-nereau, Mr. Ewer, he added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bowman, Thomas John Gylby, Charles Pool, John Broadley, and Edmund Popple, Esquires, Marmaduke Brown and Robert Gentlemen, and others, Trustees authorized and appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and improving the Low Grounds and Cars, in the Parishes and Territories of Sutton, Ganflead, Sicine, Benningholme,

Grange and Fairlwlme, North Skirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Long Ri/lon, Leven, Heigholme and Holme, Brandes Burton, and Burfall, EJke, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and W otherwise Wawn, in

Holdernefte, in the East Riding of the County of York, and of others, whose Names are subscribed, being Pro-prietors-of l^ands, within the said Low Grounds, and Cars, is referred.

Mr.

BtVerlejr

Miolier.

Sutton, See. Drainage.

5^0 7e Februarii. A. 1766.

WiMenFerry Mr. Begot reported from the Committee, to whom

on the Trent ^]ie Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merey°River Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties Canal. of Lancaster, Chester, Stafford, Derby,

cester, Nottingham, Lincoln, and and the Town

and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hidl, whose Names are there-., nto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;' and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Brindley, being examined, said. That a navigable Cut, or Canal, may be carried from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to lead to or near Swa and in the said County of Derby, Whichnor, Stone, and

Burslem, in the County of and Lawton and

Aftbunj, and to and over the Rivers Dane and Peover, in the County of Chester, and to the River for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, which the Witness apprehends will be of great public Utility, by establishing an easy Communication between Hull and Liv< and greatly reduce the Price of Carriage; and he produced to your Committee a Survey of the said intended Canal.

Mr. Josiah Wedgzcood, being examined, said. That there are several large Manufactories in the Neighbourhood of the intended Canal, particularly a great Pottery near Nexccastle under Lyne, and that the raw Materials and manufactured Goods, carried to and from that Manufactory annually, amount, to io or 12,000 Ton, and that if the intended Canal is made, it will be a great Advantage to the said Manufactory by reducing the Price of Carriage; that the Iron Manufactory of Birmingham and Wolverhampton, and the Country adjacent, will be greatly benefited, and that great Quantities of Coal that lie near where the intended Canal is to go, are now carried 10 or 15 Miles by Land; and the Witness said, that there will be in general a Saving of Three Fourths of the Expence of Carriage.

Mr. Thomas Bentley, being examined, said. That the Carriage of Goods from Birmingham to Liverpool is at present. £. 4 per Ton, Land Carriage, but if the intended Navigation is made, he apprehends all Goods will be conveyed by Water at about 30.?. per Ton; that the Town of Manchesterpays about 24,000 a Year for Carriage of Goods to London by Land, and nearly as much back; that the present Price is about £. 7 per Ton, but if this Navigation is made, they will fend their Goods halfWay by Water at about 30V. per Ton, and from thence to Ixnby Land, for about £. 3 per Ton, which will be a great Saving in the Article t of Carriage; and the Witness said, that he apprehends

the completing this Navigation will be attended with great Advantages to the several Towns and Places through and near which it will pass, and be of great Utility to the Public in general.

Mr. John Sparrow informed your Committee, That £. 63,000 has been already subscribed towards carrying on this navigable Cut; and that he apprehends the whole Sum necessary will be ealily obtained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkstone and Willing ton, in the said County, Whichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and fi’orn thence to or near Lawton land Ajtbury, in the County of Chester, and to the River ‘Mersey :And that Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Eger-

ton, Mr Anson, the L°rd Strange, Mr. Gilbert, the Lord

Grey, Mr. Shutt/eworth, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and prin.- Laude# cipal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Lauder, R-°*d-

Smailholm, Mertoxcn, Makerston, Kcl/'o, and

Sproufton, Jiving near or travelling on the Road after described, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Burgh of Lauder, by Bridgehaughatid Birkenjide, and Taxon-

Jloanend, in the Shire of Berwick, through and Keifo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn, which divides England from Scotland, is so ruinous, narrow, ami incommodious, that it cannot be widened, amended, and kept in Repair, by the common Course of I aw: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they clo examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fitzmaurice,

Mr. Oswald, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord

Mr.Byde, Lord Garlics, Mr. FonnereMr. Coventry, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Weddcrburn, Mr Mv.Grenville, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Mr.

Toxonjhend, Mr. West, Mr. DyJ'on, Lord Orxvell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Onjluxv, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Beau-

clerk, Mr. Wilson, Mr Brand, Sir F Vincent, Mr.

Rushout, Mr . Glover, Lord Coleraine, Sir

and all the Members who serve for North Britain And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; tmd have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrttftkm to the Committee Supply Bfflj of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for continuing Malt Duties, and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, &c-Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1766, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1766, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1764, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1766.

Resolved, That this House will now resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, some of the Over- Richmond seers of the Poor, and a great Number of the Inhabi- (Surrey) tants and Traders, within the Parish and Town of Poor*

mond, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill to regulate the Poor and repair the i iighw’ays of the said Parish, and to pave and light the Streets of the said Town-, and other Purposes; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the Laws in being are very sufficient for regulating the Poor of the said Parish, and for repairing the Highways there; and that the Poor are now, and have been, regularly and decently cloth-

6 Geo. III. 7* Februari 521

ed, fed, and otherwise taken Care of; and that the Highways have been, and may be, Kept in Repair at a very easy Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Pavements of the said" Town are now in much better Repair than they have been for many Years; and the Town, being no great Thorough-fare, may be kept sufficiently paved without the Interposition of any new Law; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town chiefly conlift of Persons who let Lodgings, deal in Provisions, Household Necessaries, and other Matters, which produce only a bare Maintenance for themselves and Families; and that they are in general already burthened with as many Taxes as they well can bear; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, that, if the said Application should succeed, and an Act pass for the several Purposes above-mentioned, the Inhabitants of the said Town will be charged with a very large and additional Tax, in every respect unnecessary: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Application; and that no Bill may pass for any of the above-mentioned Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, Parishioners of the Town and Parish of , in the County of Surrey, is referred: And that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, upon the said former Petition, against the Petition last presented.

America* Ordered, That Lieutenant Balfour do this Day attend

Colonic* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 2id, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th Day of this instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon Monday last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Captain Rooke do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. French do attend the

laid Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Drummond do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Partridge do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Young do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hosfall do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Dillon do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Perreau do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Reeve do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Offices An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Employment! omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; -and for giving further Time for those Purposes, was read the Third /Lime. /

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify fuel) Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

Vol. 30.

within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to the several Acts of Parliament now in force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time . to provide Admissions duly stamped.

Ordered, That Mr. Dyson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Importation whole House, to whom the BiH for allowing the Im- ® portation of Oats into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, Duty free, was re-committed, he now received.

Sir Joseph Maicbey accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Com, Exportation Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit,. and Starch, of Malt, fce, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put*

That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Weeks;

It passed in the Negatire.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mavdbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Importation of importation. Corn and Grain, from His Majesty’s Colonies in Ame- of Corn, Sc0 rica, into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, AgAft for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Maicbey do carry the Bil to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the American whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, Colonic* which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th Day of this instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon Monday lait, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was <j|irested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the wholft House, to consider further erf the several Papers, which

6 U werg

5*

7* — 10° Februarii.

yf. 17

-were presented to the Floufe, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, izd,27th, 28th, and 3 ift Days of

last, and th 3 5th Day of this inilant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon Monday last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Sine of the Clock.

Manor and Parish of Steeple in the County of

Oxford: And the same was receive!; and read the First Time.

Refalved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, art Account of the Amount of the Duties paid on Mol a fifes imported into the Northern Colonies in America, for the Three last Years, ending at 1765; distin-

gu'ishing each Year and Colony, or as far as the Account can be made up.

Lunee, io°;

Anno 6° Georgii III'" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

Bradnop A Petition of the honourable Mary Aston, and the Inclosure. dx. honourableTAcnms Clifford, Esquire,

his Wife, Lord and Ladies of the Manor of in

the County of -Stafford, and considerable Proprietors of Common Right Farms, I.ands, and Tenements, in Brad non aforesaid, of Fra Leigh, Lawrence Stanley, and John Sneyd, Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, and Owners of Common Right Farms, Lands, and Tenements, in Bradnop aforesaid, on behalf of themselves, and of the Residue of the Proprietors of Common Right Farms, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor of Bradnop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, divers large Tracts or Parcels of Common, or Waste Grounds, called Mor ridge High Moor, Colts Moor, Twillow Heath, Bradnop Bents, and divers other small Parcels of Commons, or Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole, by __ Estimation, 7,000 Acres, which are capable of great Improvement by Drainage and Inclosure: And therefore praying. That I eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rcstrictions and Regulations, as to the House ilia.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Grey, Mr. Cand Mr. Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Siillington A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Waste Inclosure. Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadows, Grounds, and lugs, w ithin the Pari 111 of in the County of

York, was read a Second Time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir John Turner, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Norris, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Tudzva Mr. Bootle, Lord Coleraine, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Smith, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Culvert, Sir James Da/hzoo Lord Grey, Lord George Cavendish, Sir John Delav Lord Garlies, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Paterson, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Molejivurth, Mr. Wood, Mr. Harris, Mr. Penton, Mr. Parker, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Willoughby, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Nottingham, Northumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Steeple Alton ’ Sir James Dashwood presented to the House, accord-incbsure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

18 < .

Mr. Cholmondeleyreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and Inhabitants, Of the several To urns of Manrhcj , field, Knutsfotd, and Norlhiinch, and Parts adjacent, in

the several Counties of Lancajleand and also

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fam°, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and isasfol-Ioweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Hugh Oldham, a Surveyor of Land, being examined, said. That a navigable Cut, or Canal, may be made from the navigable Part of Wilton Brook, at Wilton Bridge, near Norlhzcich, in the County of to

Nether Knutsford, and from thence, by a certain 1 ‘lace,

in or near the Township of Mott ram Andrew, to, or near' the Town of Macclesfield, and from the same Place, in of near Mottram, to the Town of Stockport, in the said

County; and from Stockport to the Town in the County of Lancaster, the Extent of which will be 37 Miles; that he has surveyed the Country through which the same is intended to be made; and he produced a Plan thereof to your Committee, and said, that it is proposed to be 5 Yards wide at the Top ami Yards at the Bottom, and to be from 3 tt> 3^ Feet deep; that the Scheme is very practicable, be having known Instances of greater Difficulties in that Neighbourhood; and that the said Canal may be supplied with a sufficient Quantity of Water for the Navigation of Vessels, from 15 to 20 Tons1 Burthen at all Times.

Mr. John Golburn, being examined, said, That he.is acquainted with making Navigations; that he has feet* some Part of the Country, through which the.Caaal is intended to be made, and believes it is very practicable; and confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness, with respect to the Tonnage of Vessels capable-of navigating upon the said intended Canal; that he.apprehends the Expence of it, including every thing, will amount to about £.44,000; and being asked in what Manner lie calculated, he laid, at the Rate of £. 1,200 a Mile.

Mr. Charles Rowe, a Merchant, in Macclesfield, said. That he has heard of the intended Navigation; and that it will be of great Advantage to the several Towns and Places through, and near which it will pals; and, in order to lliew the Utility thereof, he informed your Committee, that there are 12 Lime Kilns at Buxton, and at the Forest near Chapel oh the Frith, which produce 174,720 Horse Loads of Lime annually, '120,000 of which he supposes will come upon this Canal, upon which there will be a Savipg of 3d. a Horse Load; and he added, that he does not doubt but more Kilns will be opened, if the Canal is made; and that there will be also a Saving of P,s in the Price of the Carriage of Slate, Flags, Cheese, Salt, and other Goods and Merchandize; that he imagines double the Quantity of Goods would be carried to what is now by Land Carriage, and that the Savings upon the whole, would amount to ..... 7>c0°

Account J

Duties on

Molasses.

Witton Bru^s* to

Manchester

Canal*

fcmeral Ind«r

to tile Journals.

Willington

Iudoiurc.

Heworth (near York) Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. to0 Febrtiarii. 523

£.7,000 annually, in Carriage only; that there is a large Silk and other Manufactories in the Town and Neighbourhood of Mcircle"-field, and a very extensive one in the

Copper Wav, which employ 15,000 People, who, by Means of this Canal, will be supplied with Coals and other Necessaries, at a cheaper Rate than at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maiutaininga navigab!eCut, orCanal, from Wilton Bridge, to Nether KnulsJ'ord, by or near Andrew, and from thence to and from or

jiear Mottram aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of Chester, and from thence to M in the County of

.J^ancaster-, And that Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Egerton, the Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttlczoorth, Sir William Meredith, Sir George Warren, Mr Grofrenor, NLr.Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Leghof Newton, Mr. Bullock, and Mr.

Legh of Ivelchester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Robin/'on, and Sir James Ijowther, be added to the

Committee, appointed to consider of a proper Plan, for making a General Index to the printed Journals of this House.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and incloting the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of lington, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Edward Thwing, of Hcworth, in the County of York, Geni i' m. 1, an t George Gen-

tleman, his only Son and Heir Apparent, son, of Gilling, in tine find County of i ork, Clerk,

Johnson, of the City of York, Esquire, the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and Men apolitical Church of Saint Pek-r, in York, We Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, and the several ot tier Portions, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed and let, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Township of Ileworth afoivtibd, and near the Suburbs of the City of York, there is a certain Common, called Heworth Moor, containing 230 Acres or thereabouts, which belongs to) lie Owners otcertain ancient 1 IoufesandFront-ileads within the said Township; but subject to a Right of Stray for certain Cattle of such free Citizens of the said City, as*are from Time to Time Occupiers of, and resident in, ancient Messuages, situate within Monk Ward in the said City; and that there is also a certain Farm, called Heworth Grainges, adjoining to the said Common, at the North Welt End thereof which, for Time immemorial, hath been subject to a Right of Common, of Average for all the Commonable Cattle of the OwnersanrlOccupiersoffuchancient Houses and Front-steads, having Common Right upon the said Common, and of such free Citizens; and that there are also certain Closes or Parcels of Ground, called Great Hall Fields, and Little Hall Fields, confuting of Sixty three Acres of I and or thereabouts, and a small Close or Parcel of Ground adjoining thereto, called Turnstile ChJ'e, confiding of Two Acres or thereabouts; and that there is also a certain other Inclosure lying near the said Common, Confuting of 25 Acres or thereabouts, called the Groves, which said Cloles and the said Croves, are subject to the like Right of Common, of Average or Stray for certain Cattle of such free Citizens; and that all the Proprietors, and Parties interested in the Premises, are come to an Agreement for the Division and Inclosure of the said Common, called Heivorlh Moor, and for allotting Equivalents, as well for the said Right of Stray upon the said Common, as for the said respective Rights of Average, which the said respective inclosures are subject to as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Voi. 30.

said Common called Heworth Moor, and for exempting the fame, and the inclosures aforesaid, from all Rights of Common, Stray, or Average, therein, and for other Purposes in the said Bili to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer <jf the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. LaJ'celles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ThorpMarft thereunto subscribed, being entitled to Right of Corm Inclosure. mon, and otherwise interested in a Waste, or Common* called Thorp Marsh, and in a Piece of uninclosed Land,

called Grumble Hirjl, within the Par i ft 1 of Dunn, in the West Riding of the County waspre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the ’ tepd Waft-, or Common, if inc.’ofed and divided, would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested , ’

therein, who are therefore dciirous that the same may be done accordingly, a separate Allotment of Thirty Acres, as the same is nowftaked out, contiguous to the ancient Inclosure of his Grace the Duke of Ancaster, and intended as a Compensation to him as Lord of the said Manor, for his Consent to the said Inclosure; and also a further Allotment, in lieu of his Fishery and annual Payments, called MarshGifts Rents; being in the first place intended to be made to the said Duke; and that it is presumed the said Piece of Land called Grumble Hirjl belongs to, and is Part of, the said Common called Thorp Marsh, though the same is yet in Difpule; and . that, if the said Piece of Land shall be adjudged to be a Part of, or belonging to, the said Common, the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be let, and the Profits thereof applied towards making and maintaining the Roads, Drains, Bridges, and other Requisitefc, for improving the said Common, when»divided: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to brin^j in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem requisite.- f

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lafeelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Maifler, Esquire, Lord of the Pattring;*n Manor of Pattrington, in Holderness, in the East Riding inclosure. of the County of York, and also Owner of divers Lands and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Pattrington aforesaid, Henri) Ethrington, Esquire, Robert

James Dunn, and Jeremiah Featherston, Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, also Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers Cottages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, containing 2,500 Acres or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situatiou yield but little Profit to the Owners thereof; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Constable, Esquire, Joseph Thomp- Preston

son, and Richard Bell, Esquires, and the Reverend Inclosure.

Thompson, Clerk, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of, or otherwise interested in, divers Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of/>rt,/?0M) in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within - ‘ ‘ - the

Hursley

to

Andover

Aoad.

Southwark

Street!.

5H

the said Township certain Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, reputed to contain 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed, and yield little Profit to the Owners thereof; that if the same weredivided and indofed.it would greatly improve their several Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir George Savile and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Burgeflies, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of to An-

dover aforesaid, and from thence, through Hurjborne, Tarrant, and Stoke, in the Parish of Saint Mary Bourne, by a House known by the Sign of The Three Legged Cro/s, in the Parish of Crux Eafion, in the said County, to a House known by the Sign of The Gun, in the Pa-rifli of Newburyf in the County of Berks, are in a very ruinous Condition, dangerous for Travellers, and in many Parts too narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor repairing and widening the said Roads, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Fon-nereau, Mr. Toion/hend, Sir Joseph Mr. Clive,

Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Parker, Sir Edmund Mr. Coventry, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Norris, Mr. Legh, Mr. Bagot,

Sir George Yonge, Mr. De Grey, Lord Mr.

Tudway, Mr. Harris, Lord Grey, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Luther, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Garth, Mr. Glover, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Pennant, General

Mr. Moh/worth, Mr. WiUoughby, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wood, Mr. Sir John

ther, Mr. Walter, Sir John Palmer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Joseph Maxvbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the High Street and Kent Street, xtv the Borough of and

Parishes of Saint George, and Saint Mary, in

the Con nty of Simrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Watson, being examined, said, That it would be of public Convenience, if the present paved Part of White Street, adjoining to Kent Street, and likewise the Conclusion of the Pavement, in that Part of the said Parish of St.George, was included in the Bill for paving

the High Street and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark.

That it would be a Means of facilitating the said intended Regulation, if Power was givgn to collect afmaU

17

Toll on Sundays, on the Roads communicating with the said Streets, to be applied for that Purpose.

Mr. William Winter and Mr. Humphrey Randall confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for paving the Htgh Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for paving a Part of Street, leading from the Welt End of Sain George’s , and l'or

preventing Annoyances therein, and forcleaufing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining thereto; and also for collecting a Toll on Sundays upon certain Roads and Places, communicating with the said Streets, for facilitating the Paving and Regulation thereof.

A Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Proprietors of Ecrfl India Stock, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved/Yhat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

_ Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1766, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put - thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b* ingro fifed.

An ingrossed Bill for allowfngthe Importation of Oat 3 into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited. Duty free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty free.

Ordered, That Mr. Coults do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, initituled. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddinglon, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And theu the Mefifengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Received

5 Feb. 1766. Copy of a Letter from Governor

Franklin toMr.Secreta^v Bur-

lington, Nov. 30th 1765. Inclosing, Votes of the Genecal Assembly of New Jersey.

Minutes

10* Februarii.

QualifiMflul

ot

East-Indh

Proprietors.

Supply Bill 3 Mah Duties*

Importation of OaU.

Doddingtoii

Inclosur*.

Papers

rf{p?cting

American

Colonies.

6 Geo. III.

io

Received

£ Feb. 1766.

Dec. 13, 1765.

5 Feb. 17 66.

D*.

D*.

D*.

P-

1766.

D*

7 Best. 1766. VOL.30.

Received

Minutes of Council, New r, 7 1766.

Afar. 6, 1765.

Extract of a Letter from Lieut.

Gov. Colden to Mr. Secretary Dec. 13, 1765. Inclosing,

Copy of Lieut. Gov. Co Let-

ter to Gen. Gage, »n ^nfwer to the General’s Letter of the 31st Aug. rdpecting the feditipu^ Temper of the People in New York.

State of the Province of New York, Dec. 6, 1765.

Votes and Proceedings of tf)e General Assembly of the (Colony of Nero York.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Henry Moore to Mr. Secretary Coyw New York, 21 Dec. 1765.

Copy of a Letter from M^jor Gen.

Gage to Mr. Secretary Conway. Naif York, 21st Dec. 1765. Inclosing,

The Neiv York Gazette; or, the Weekly Post Boy, with the freshest Advices, Foreign mid Domestic; the united Voice of all His Majesty’jj free and /oyer/Subjects ip America — -Liberty and Property ,an^ noStarrip?.

— (Number 1196.) Thursd

5> 1765-Tfi eGeneralAflverti/ertotheA^re

York Tlpirfday's Gazette (Numb.

1796) Thursday, Dec. f

Extra# of a Letter from MajorGen.

Gage to - Mr. Secretary Cotyvay. New York, 2 ill Dec. 1765. Inclosing,

The New York Gazette-, or, the }Vee}dy Post Boy. fiiur/day, Dec. 19, *7165- .(Numb- 7.198.)

Copy of a Letter from Gen. Gage to Gov. Moore. New York, Dec. iu,

765-

Copy, Resolves of the General Assembly of the , Province of NfU)

Yorjc, 13 Dec. 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Gpv. nard to Mr. Secretary Conway. Bpfion,

25th.Nov. 1765. Inclosing,

A Journal of the Honourable House of Representatiyes.

Copy of a Letter from Qpy. Bernard to Gen. Conway. Bojiofi, 18 Dpc.

, 1763. Inclosing,

.Copy of Mr. Oliver's Letter tp Go v. Bernard, 17 Dec. 1765.

Bofion (Hanover SquareJ 18, 1765. A letter to Mefirs.

Drapers.

Mr. Oliver's2fl Tetter toGoy.

Bernard.

Cppy of a Letter , from Gov. Bernard^ toMr., Secretary Conway. Bofion,

Dpc. 19, ,176.5. Inclosing,

Bofion, Dec. \8, 1765. Memorial of the Town oi Bofion.

Copy of a Letter from Gov. |Ber-nard to Mr. Secretary Conway,

Dec. zi&, 1765. Inclpfing,

Minutes of she Cpijmefi of

ohifetts Bay.

Memorial of the Town of Bofion, Massachusett'sBay, to the Governor in Council.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Ward to General Conway, Newport,

!76.5*

Extra6( of a fetter from Francis Fa'uquierj ^Xquire. Lieut. Gov. of Virginia, to the Lords Commissioners for Trpde and Plantations, Nov. 11, 1765.. Inclosing, '

Copy of a (Certificate of Lieut. Gov. Fauquier, relative to the De*

claration made' by George Mercer, Esquirp, appointed Disiyibutpr of Stamps for the Golpny of Yjf

' Gppy' of a Lettpr from Francis Fauquier, EXpuIrp, Lieut. Goy.'" of Virginia, to the Npval Oncers of that' Colony. ' ' ' ' k

£opy of a Letter from Colden, Esquirej Ijeut. poy. of Ayp York, to the Lor^s C0mn7.iffiou.ers jor Trale and Plantations- New Yprkj pee. 6, 17^5. Inclosing,

Copy pr Minutes 01 Council, fiehj at Fort George, in the City of Npw for/c, 4 Sept 1765.

Extract from thp Votes of the , Geperal Assembly of New Yoj-k, Extrads’ fropi the Jourpal of the House of Representaf i ves of Mqffq-ckijfetts Bay, of tjjie 6th, 7th,

Stn Npv. 1165!

Extract of a Cqtster fi;om Ffqnpis Bernard, Esquire, Gov. of Mapychy-jfetts fiay, to John Pownall, Esquii-e, Secretory ,t(o the Lo^ds for Trade aha plantations. Dalo

Bofion,'Nop' 26, 1765....

Copy of(a Letter from Francis nar<(, ^iqulre, 'Gov. of'

Bay, to the Lords CommissionersTpr Trade and Plantations. Dated fafion, Nov. ad,' i 765. Inclosing,'

Printed Copy of t^e Sflpecfi of Frpjicis Bernard, FJquire, Gpv. or Majfacpiifetts Bay, to the Genera^ Assembly of tfiat Prey'^ce, on 'Nov. 1765.

Extra® ol a Letter from Wi/fim f ranklifi, Esqu^vGov. of N^oJerJpy,

,io the Right honourable the%ards Commissioners for Trade ypdJrlftota.-tions. jdated fiurliygton, DfC, 18,

1760- fuclpfing,

Extract from the Minute^ of Council of Npw Jerjfey, on §yfur-fiaytfie 30th Nov- .1765.

Extract from the Vote^ of the ^ffembly of Ifew Jersey, of ^he 30th ox Nov. .1705.

Eictraia of a Tetter frofp Bemyig ffentworth, Esquire, Gov. of New Hampshire. Dated 25 fifpv. i^5Mtp the I^prfis Copamifiipnere for Trade and Plantations.

' Extra# of a Letter fropa fterirung Wentworth, Esquire, Gov. oi ' New ‘Hampshire. Dated ifitK Dec. 1705, to the I/i^sCo^mi^fipp.ere fprJT^de and Plantations.

Cppy of a Letter from Williayi faqU, ^quitje,. Eieut, Gov. pitiouth Fqroiijw,

ftpe*

Arnfirif:»

Colonies.

ttpr from George

cfofing,

Saiby , and 6. jjqyd, tnspector and Distributor of Stamps, ’ to the Elo-o. »' - pourable

Googlje

Papers

respecting

.American

Colonies.

Thcnford

Inclosure.

r

io* Februarii. A. 1766'.

nourable William Esquire,

Lieut. Gov. of Carolina.

Dated Charles Town,061. 29, 1765. Extra# of a Letter from James Wright, Esquire, Gov. of Georgia, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.. Dated Nov. 9th,

1765-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Let ter from Sir Henry Moore to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated New York, December 1765. Received 5th February 1766.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard to Grey Cooper, Esquire, dated 22d December 1765. Received 5th February 1766

Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Grey Cooper,

Esquire, dated 7th February 1766; inclosing a Letter from Messrs. Bayard and C°, dated New York, 21 Dec. 1765. Received by Mr. Iienniker, r,th Feb. 1766.

Copy of a Lettes from Mr. Archibald Dillributor of Stamps for the Colony of Nova Scotia, to Mr. Bret tell, Secretary to the Commissioners of Stamps, dated Nova Scotia, 21st November 1765.

Extra# of a letter from the Collector and Comptroller of New York to the Commissioners of the Customs; dated 20th Dec. 1765, in Mr. Stanley's Letter of 6 Feb. ij66. Received 7th ditto.

Copy of a Letter to Gov. Moore from the ColIe#or and Comptroller of Nero York. Copy of a Letter from Captain Kennedy to the Collector of New York, with the Answer thereto. In Mr. Stanley’s Letter of 6th Feb, 1766. Received 7th ditto.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Distributor of

Stamps for the Colony of Co to the Commis-

Honfers of Stamps, dated New, Haven, 2d December 1765. N° 1. In Mr. Bretlell's Letter, 6th Feb. 1766.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Meferve, Distributor of Stamps for Neie Hampshire, dated 3d December 1765. p. In Mr. Brettell's Letter, 6 Feb. 1766.

Extra# of a Letter from the Collector of Perth Amboy, East Jersey, to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated Dec. 7th, 1765. 3. In Mr. Stanley's Letter of 6th Feb. 1766. Received the 7th.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Oliver, Dillributor of Stamps for Mafachufetts Bay, dated December 13th,

1765. 4. In Mr. Brettell's Letter, 6th 1766.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Meferve, Distributor of

Stamps for the Colony of New Hampshire, dated 16th December 1765. 5. In Mr. Brettell's Letter, 6th

1766.

Copiy' of a Letter from Mr. Meferve, Distributor of Stamps for the Colony of New dated 26th

Dec. 1765. 6. In Mr. Brettell's Letter, 6th Feb. 1766.

Copy of a Letter from the Comptroller of Boston, New England, to the Commissioners of the Customs,

dated 17th Dec. 1765. Received 8th 1766. Sent to the Treasury the same Day, in Mr. Stanleri's Letter, 8th Feb. 1766.

Copy of a Letter to the Commissioners of the Customs from some of the Officers in Maryland, dated 2 Nov. 1765.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and.Parish of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, in the County of Northampton; which Bill was presented to the House, upon Wednesday last, and read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, haying been informed of the Purport of the said BUI, 21

gives His Consent, as far as 11 is Majesty’s Interest is concerned,.tMt the I Icufe may do therein, as Uiev shall think fit.

e

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Haft Iron concerned in the Bill for confirming an Award made li:cl >sure. for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of l/ajelton, in the County of Gloucester; which Bill was read, a Second Time upon Wedmfddylaft, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

A Petition of the Glove Manufa#urers, Glove Glove Sellers, Leather Drefiers, and Leather Sellers, of the Manu&fiuw. City of York, was presented to the House, and te;ld;

Setting forth. That the Trade and Manufactures of the Petitioners have for many Years fullered great Injury and Decay, by great Quantities of foreign-manufactured Gloves and Mitts, clandestinely brought into this Kingdom; and that the Increase of that in jurious Pra#ice, of late Years, is become particularly distrelling to many Hundreds of poor People employed in that City: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glove Sellers, and GloveManufa#urers, Leather Drest’ers, and Leather Sellers, of the Cities of London and WeJhn and Borough of Southwark, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Grosveiwr, Mr. Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Prowse, Sir George Armitage, Mr. Wil-

braham Bootle, Sir Lynch Salufbury Colton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, and Mr. Crew, be added to the said Committee.

The House was moved, that an A#, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of King William iand Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Price of Carriage of Goods, and the Weight usually drawn by Common Stage Waggons; and of the several Laws relating thereto; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Mr. Cooke , Mr. Staunton, Mr. BrudeneU, Mr. Onslow, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Jennings, Mr Lord Grey,

Sir John Delaval, Kir. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Burke, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Burrell, Lord Strange, Mr. llarbord, Mr. Parker, Sir John Griffin, Sir Jarrrt Smith, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Upton, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Robert Lud Mr. , Mr. Morton, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Rigby, Sir Roger Neiedi-gate, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Alderman Sir Wil-

liam Codrington, Mr. Pryfc Campbell, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Wllately, Mr. Mr

Lord Verrrey, Mr. Byde, Mr. Ward, Mr. Legh, Mr.-Thoroton, Sir George Savile, Sir Edmund Ifiam, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gray, Mr. j and

all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Carriage of Goods b7 Stage Waggon*

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into

further Consideration the Petition of Robert Tadway,

Esquire,

6 Geo. III.

lO — ii" Februam.

5*7'

Esquire, Mayor of the City of in the County of Somerjist, complaining of an undue Return for the said City;

Ordered, That the further Consideration-of the said Petition be further adjourned till Tomorrow Seven-

night.

Ordered, That' Paris Taylor, F.frjuire, High Sheriff of the County of Sower jet, and William Keale, Senior Matter of the Cud City of Wells, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this Idoufe upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Supply* The Order of the Day being read, for the Ilonfe to

resolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

jftty *,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

American The other Order of the Day being read, for the Coloaic*. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further-of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway,

nufacture of Great Britain, exported from Scotland to the Bril if 1 Colonies in America, from 1 y G 4

to Christmas 1765: And also,

An Account of all Goods of the Produce Or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from Scotland to the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1764; distiii^uishing each Year: And also. An Account of air Foreign Goods exported from Scotland to the British Colonies in America, whether under Certificate or otherwise, from 1762 to

Christmas 17645 distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid on the fame: And also,

An Account of all Ships arrived in Scotland, which "have been cleared out from any of the Brit if 1 Colonies in America, fmee the First of November lall, specifying the Colonies from whence they have been respectively cleared out; and also, whether any, and which, of the said Ships have offered to make Entries in without having their Clearances, or other Papers, properly stamped, agreeably to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and What has been done in consequence thereof. '

Mr. Rowe also, from the Commissioners of the Cuf* toms in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis'S Streights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out,

upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of Ja- and at what Port the^ were discharged; and also what nuary last, and the 5th Day of this Instant February, Quantity of Whale tins, and Oil, each Ship has inland by Mr Chancellor of tl —; Exchequer, upon Monday ported, from the 10th of October 1764 to the 10th of

last, by His Majesty’s Command;

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to the House this Day, by Mr. Secretary Conway and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

October 1765.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Four first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That they. February, by His Majesty’s Command.

1 i ' n . 1 rt 1* . 1 l iT - .1 /"t 1 7 rPi — i. 1_ A _r i.L _ J A

had made a further P.ogress in the Matter to them referred; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of Ja~ nuarylaft, the 5th Day of this Instant and this Dav, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon Monday last and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow. " Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy ii° die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii III*" Regis, .1766.

Accounts; Imports and Exports, &c.

Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Shap, in the County of Westmoreland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for, and on behalf of themselves and others, the Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having a Right of Common upon the Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Grounds, lying within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several very large and extensive Moors, or Commons, or Tracts of Waste Ground, within and belonging to the said Manor, called Shap Fell, and the LowScarr, containing by Estimation 6,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, are of very little Service to the Petitioners; but if the fame, or such certain Parts thereof as to the House shall seem meet, were divided into specific Allotments, to the several Proprietors interested therein, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Properties, and great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Shap

Indofare.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Roue, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, Mr. John Mr. Lajcelles, and Mr. Upton, do

An Account of all SjQods of the Produce and Ma- prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 30. A Petition

Googlje

Muckier

Corner,

fcc.

lU«L

High Bridges, Sec. Road.

528 1 i* Februarii.A> 17

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are pass without great Danger; and that the putting the thereunto subscribed, LandOwners and Inhabitants in said several Roads into good and sufficient Repair, and the Town of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and building Bridges wlfere neeefl'ary, would be of general Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Advautage; that by the Act last above mentioned, the Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that several Parishes of Mat li field, and

Application is making to Parliament, for an Act to dive ton, are exempted from paying Toll at any Turnpike repair the Roads from Muckier; Corner to Litchfield Gate, that may be erected on Hanging Bridge Joy passing Heath, and other Places in the said County of Stafford; through the said Turnpike on Market Days, to or- from and that the Road from the present Road between fi/hbou and that the Trustees appointed to put the Walsall and Church Bridge, near Bloxwieh Chapel, in said last above mentioned Act in execution, have agreed the said County, over Short Heath, along a Lane on the to repair One Half of the said Road, between Hanging'

South Side of the Hill House, and along Effington Wood, Bridge and Spath aforesaid, and lying next to Hanging to the Corner of Bam Hales, is in a ruinous Condition, Bridge, provided that the £nd Exemptions may be taken and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; off, and that the said Half Part be added to, and united and that it Would be of great public Advantage if a with, the Powers given by the said last above recited Act,

Road was made from the Brook in Walsall aforesaid, and be made a separate District, unconnected with the

over the Lands of the Countess of Montrath, Bichard said other Half; and that the Inhabitants of King's

Pearfehouse, Esquire, and Samuel Corbet, Gentleman, Bromle and in the said County of chiefly

and along Ablewed Street, to the present Turnpike Road resorting to the Markets and Fairs at Litchfield, pay a

leading from Wa fall to Birmingham, the present Road considerable Part of the Tolls collected at Tewnall's Lane

being through the Streets in Walsall aforesaid, which Gale; and the Road branching from Tewnall's Latte,

are very lteep and difficult to pass, and in frosty Weather through King's Bromley, to Yoxall Bridge, is much out

almost impassable: And therefore praying, That Provi- of Repair, and ought to be amended: And therefore

lion be made for repairing and widening the said Road, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Billfor

and for making the said other Roads, in stich Manner repairing the said several Roads from High Bridges to

as to the House shall fflem meet. Ultoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge aforesaid;

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the and that all Tolls to be taken between High Bridges and Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition Uttoxeter aforesaid may be applied ton aids making amt of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trade fmon, and repairing that Road; that the said Road from to Other Inhabitants, of WelfitU, in the County of Stafford, Hanging Bridge aforesaid may be admeasured, and di-and of the City of Litchfield, and Plaoes adjacent, whole vjded into equal Parts; and that all the lolls to be taken Names ‘are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that on that Half, which lies next to Spath aforesaid, may be they do examine the Matter o'f this Petition.; and report applied towards.making ard repairing that Half.of the the fame, as it shall appear to them, to tire. House. said Road; and that a sufficient Part of the Toll? to be

taken (at a Turnpike Gate niv erected, or at any other

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, freeholders. Turnpike to be erected instead thereof, between djh-and others, of the Counties of Stafford ant] Herluj., ire- bourne and thelHalf Way from Hanging Bridge to the tiding near-urito andufing the ►Road 'leading from the Spath,.ay be applied in making.and repairing the said

City of Litchfield, over High Bridges, through Hill, Rid- last mentioned Half of the said Road, and that the said i/oare, Abbolts Btomley, Uttaxehcr, Spath, Grakemaish, last mentioned Half of the said Road may be added to,

Rotvctfler, EUajhon, and Matltfield, OYex HangingSridge, and united with, the Powers given by the said last above

to Afitborn, in the County of Derby; and also ofsevenal recited Act; and that all Exemptions, by the said last of the Trustees, appointed by onunder an Act ofrPar- mentioned Act provided, may be wholly taken oft’; and lianiertt, passed in thezftth Year of the Reign of his late that the Trustees of Tewnall's Lane District may be cna- Majesty King George the Second, intittded, An Act for Wed to raise Mouey, on the Credit of that Gate, to repair amending, altering, continuing, mud making.tnore-efflec- the said Road, leading out of the Rond betwixt Litch-tual, Two Acts of Parliament, made-in the ^d and 17th jfield and through King's rto Yoxall Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing Bridge; and that the said last mentioned Road may be the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, added to, and united with, the several Powers and Au-through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County thorities'given by the ,said several Acts of Parliament of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and heretofore puffed, for repairing the said Road between several other Reads in the said Acts< mentioned, >and for Tewnall's Gate anil Bridges aforesaid; and for such enlarging the Terms and Powers in the said several further Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Acts; and also of several of the Trustees, appointed by Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ;or under another Act of Parliamefnt, ipaffed in (the ad Consideration of’.a Committee: And that they do exa-.Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, mine the Matter 1 thereof; and report the fame, as it An Act for repairing and widening the High Road, shall appear to them, to the House: leading from Ashboutne, in the county of <Derby, tx>the And it is referred to Mr. Ragof, Mr. Staunton, Lord

Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, anti from Grey, 'M.r.Fonnereau,iM.T.Grosvenor, \lr.Egerton, Lord Ryecrqft Gate, upon Rujhlm Common,1 to Congleton, m Howe, Mr. Mr. Townshend, Sir John Glynne,

tire County of Chester; and also the'Road'leading from 'M.r.Knight, Mr Mr. Price, Sir Edmund

BU/th Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Chea- Lord Bertie, Mr Mr Mr.

die, Oakamedr, >and-Bhwe, to the Turnpike’Road from Glover, Sir James, Dqfhxooood,t>ir. Beauclerk, Sir George , Afibometo-Buxtonrnta.pTJtorp,’\n the County of Derby; Pocock, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr Mr.

whose Names are-thereunto respectivety I subscribed; Cholmley, General Whitmore, Lord Frederick Campbell, was presented -to the* House, and read; rSetting forth, Mr. Jackson, Sir Edward Mr Mr. Ro-.

That the High-Road leading from High Bridges afore- binfon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Onjloio, said, through Hill, Riduiare, and A bbotts^ Bromley, to Mr. Whitshed, Colonel Hence, Mr. Cooke-, and all the

Uttoxeter aforesaid; and also the Road branching from Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, tneTurnpike Road betweenUttoxeter Newccfile,<a.t Warwick, Chester, Lancaster, and: And they are

Spath aforesaid, leading throughCrakemarfii; Roweefier, to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the EUafion, and Mathfield, to' Hanging- Bridge aforesaid; Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-

are, from the Narrowness thereof in Tome Places, from ' fons,'Papers, anfd Records, the frequent Overflowings of the Rivers, and fwHrt the

Nature of the Soil, add theraany heavy Carriages paftiqg ' A:B3tfor dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Thcnfoid

through the shifte<bectwne^deep and founderous,. and-in Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common I ado fare, the Winter Season so very -bad, that Carriages cannot -Grounds, and »Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of

Thenford,

ii° Februarii.

Tonbridge

to

Maidstone

Road.

Cloth

Manuiu&ure.

6 Geo. III.

529

Thenford, otherwise Fenford, in the County of North-

ampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shiffiter, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

got, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Windham, Sir Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Curzon, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Mr. Glover, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Morant, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Holt, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Grosvenor, Lord Vemey, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Buller, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Edward Dering; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execution, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cow-den, in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in execution, and for that Purpose, have taken up, at interest, One thousand and One hundred Pounds upon the Credit thereof; and that by the said Act the Petitioners are restrained from taking more than One Toll for travelling upon the whole of the said Road, between Tonbridge and Maidstone, which they find will not be near sufficient to maintain the said Road, nor can they borrow Money upon the Credit of the present Tolls sufficient to repair and widen the same j that the Petitioners apprehend, if some further Alterations were likewise made to the said Act, it would be for the Advantage of the said District of Road: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Shi finer. Sir George Savile, Mr. Jackson, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Curzon, Sir John GlynneLor Sir

Jar rit Smith, M r. Cholmondeley, General Mr.

Edmonstone, Sir John Delaval, Sir Anthony

Abdy, Mr. Walter, Mr. Keppel, Mr. White, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Prescott, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Glover, Sir

ArmineWodehouse,yLr.GarthNlT.Cavendish, S\Y Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Loiondes, Sir Edmund Jsham, Sir Brook B/ydges, Sir Mr. Parker,

Sir John Ilynde Cotton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Pryfe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Broad Woollen Cloth, manufactured in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the last Session repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York , and also so much of the several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards, of Width and Length, of such Woollen Cloth, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Fraudsincertifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Markets; and that the Trade, within the said West Riding, is of a large and

VqIm 30.

exfenfive Nature; and that a great Number of Broad Woollen Cloths have been, for many Years last past, vended for the Supply of Home Consumption, as well as for the Foreign Markets; and that the Petitioners find that the Regulations,-substituted by the said late Act, are inadequate for preventing Frauds, in certifying the true Contents of the Cloth, and consequently of preserving the Credit of the said Manufactures in Foreign Markets; and that the Petitioners are exposed to very great Hardships, by the said Act, in conducting a Trade of the highest Importance to the Welfare*of this Kingdom in general; and from the Number of Cloths necessary to be bought for the Supply of Foreign Markets, it is, by the Rules established by the said l aws, rendered impossible for the Petitioners (be their Intentions ever so upright,) to guard themselves, and their Property, against the Penalties inflicted by the said Act: and that the Petitioners are thereby subjected to many grievous Penalties, and even to corporal Punishment, for the Acts of others, and which it is not in their Power to prevent: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises, and that Leave may be given to bring in such a Bill, for the better Regulation of a Manufacture of so great Importance to this Kingdom, in such Manner as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to She Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Mackworth,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Shifther, Mr. Townshend, Sir

J. Peachey, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Parker, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Ridley, Sir Smith, Sir Francis

Vincent, Sir William Maynard, Sir George Savile, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Fairfax, M r. Preftvt, Sir A/milage,

Mr. Touchet, Colonel Barre, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gray, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bof cawen, Mr. Byde, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Burke, Su-Edward Dering, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Anfm; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, La/waster, and Nottitigham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Sebright prefonted to the House, according to Order, a . Bill to remove and regulate the public Markets in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same: for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there; to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future;- and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Bowman, Thomas John Gylby, Charles Pool, John Broadley, and Edmund Popple, Esquires, Marmaduke Brown, and Robert Fojier, Gentlemen, and others, Trustees, authorized and appointed, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, in the Parishes and Territories of Sutton, GanJlead, Swine, Benningholme, Bcnningholme Grange, and Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Roicton, Arnold, Long Rifton, Leven Heigholme, and Hallylree Holme, Brandes Burton, and EJke, Tickton,

Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in

HoldemeJ'e, in the East Riding of the County of and of others, whose Names are subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands, within the said Low Grounds and Carrs, was referred; That the Committee had examined

6 T the

Bath

Streets*

&c.

Sutton,

&c.

Drainage.

5jo n° Februarii. . 1766,

the Matter of the fakl Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and Mr. William Clerk to the

Trustees for putting the said Act in execution, being examined, said. That the said Trustees have expended near £. 5,000 in the Purchase of Lands, and in necessary Works for carrying the said Act into execution, and have entered into several Engagements for that Purpose, and have contracted a Debt of 800 and upwards.

That several of the Proprietors have refused to pay the Tax laid upon their Grounds for the Purposes of the Act, and there is no Way to compel them to pay it, as the Act refers to a Level Tax, as the Mode of making the Assessment, which Level Tax does not at present exist; and the Trustees have no Way of raising Money but by Mortgage, which is ineffectual, as the Lands are not yet drained; that if the whole Tax could be levied it would not be sufficient for the Purposes of the said Act; and that it will not be possible to drain the said Lands efi'eftually, unless the said Act be explained and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act made in the Fourth Year of I I is present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton,

' Benningholme, BenningholmcGrange, and

North Skirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Bong Leven,

lleigholme, and Hallytree Holme, Braudes Burton, and Bin'fall, EJke, Ticklon, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and

Waghen, otherwise Waxen, in in the East

Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Whichcot, Sir George Armitage, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beverley, Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to *c- whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-‘oa ‘ geffes, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, or travelling on, the Highways, or Roads, thereafter mentioned, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Appleton, being examined, said. That the Roads leading from Beverley, by Molfcroft, to Kendal House, in the Road to Scarborough, and from Molfcroft, to a Place called Bainton Balk, in the Road to Malton, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and wideuing the Road from Beverley, by Molfcroft, to Kendal; and from Molfcroft to

Bainton Balk, in the County of York: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

CuddingtoQ A Petition of the Freeholders, and others, whose

Inclosure. Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common, or other Interest, in the Common or Waste Grounds, called Cuddinglon, or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddinglon with Bryn, in the Parish of Weverham, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common or Waste Grounds are computed to contain 400

Acres, or thereabouts; and the Petitioners, being desirous to improve their Estates in the said Township, have agreed that the same shall be divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to inclose the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Egerton, and Mr. Crew, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Brownloio, Earl Bourn of Exeter, and the humble Petition of George ®ra‘na8e»

Esquire, Lords of the Manors of Bourn, and Bourn Ah-bots, in the County of Lincoln, the Reverend Humphrey Hyde, Vicar of the Parish of Bourn aforesaid, Thomas Buckworth, Esquire, and others. Proprietors of Lands and other Estates within the said Manors and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor and Parish of Bourn, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Waste and Fen Grounds, which may be very much improved, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the several Parties interested therein, if proper Provision was made for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining thereof, and for preventing the same from being overflowed and damaged by Water for the future:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brotonloiv Bertie, Mr. Pa-terson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Hujke, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Blackfone, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Morant, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Harris, Mr. ’Fitzherbert, Mr. Howe, Sir

Thomas Hales, Colonel Barre, Mr. Butler, Mr. Pryje Campbell, Nit.Roberts, Mr Fonncreau, Mr. Knight, Lord

Vemey, Sir John Delaval, Sir William Meredith, Mr.«SW-livan, Mr. Parker, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Townjheiui, Mr.

Ridley, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Coutts,

Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Northampton, York, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition ofjofiah Cockshutt, Gentleman, one of the Barnetby

Lords of the Manor of Barnelby upon the Wolds, in the Inclosure. County of Lincoln, the Reverend William Cary, Vicar of the Parish Church of Barnelby aforesaid, and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and Common Right, in, over, and upon the Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of and belonging to Barnetby aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lordship of Barnetby aforesaid consists of several large Open Fields and Meadows, Part of which lie at a considerable Distance from the Town of Barnelby, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that there are several large Open Commons, or Wastes, within the said Lordship; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Open Fields,

Meadows, and Commons, or Wastes, may be inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Proprietor:

And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be at Liberty to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Ifhichcot do prepare, j

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Corporation, Burgesses, Derby 1 Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Derby, in Small Debts. j behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to';

the House, and read; Setting forth, That many Persons, j

to whom the Petitioners, in the course of their Dealings, j

are obliged to give Credit for finall Sums, taking Ad- j

vantage

1

Hatherop

Inclosure.

Emrtatioa

of

Rice.

Importation

of

Whale Fins.

American

Colonies.

6 Geo. III. 11° Februarii.

53i

vantage of the Difficulties which the Petitioners lie under, in the Recovery of suchSums by the present Forms of Law, frequently refuse, though well able, to pay their just Debts; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the establishing of a Jurisdiction within the said Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof, for the Recovery of small Sums, in a way less expensive and more expeditious, would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Borough, and Liberties thereof, in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Nlv.Toionshend, Mr. Egerton, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Hewett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sir John

Glynne, Mr. Sniff her, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Rafhleigh, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Lord

Fredeiick Campbell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hujke, Sir William Meredith, Sir George. Armitage, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Jackson, Lord Howe, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Molyneux, Doctor Hay, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Colonel Barre, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Carysfort, Mr GroJ'venor, Lord Verney, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Calvert, Mr . Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Bond; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Leicester, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Open and Common Field of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester, and of the Commonable Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, lying and arising within the Township and Parish of Hatherop aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Township, One large Open and Common Field, con-sifting of Thirty two Yard I.ands and One Quarter, or thereabouts, and some odd Lands, and also a large Tract of Land called the Downs, which the Owners and Proprietors thereof are desirous thou Id be divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, assigning, and allotting, the said Common Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hujke and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Rice, exported from the Colonies of North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, to any Part of America, to the Southward of South Carolina and Georgia, since the passing of the Acts by which such Exportation was allowed, as far as such Account can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins, imported from North America, since the passing of an Act allowing the Importation thereof, upon Payment of the old Subsidy only, as far as such Account can be made up.

Ordered, That James Kerr, Esquire, do, this Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Conioay, upon the 14th, 2zd, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this ln-stant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Vol. 30.

upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Colonel Robert Spragge do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Morgan do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing, and granting to Supply Bill 3 His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, JJiuies oa and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1766, was read "» &c* the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 38. To leave out " or," and insert " and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1766.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Waltham Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish Inclosure. o {Waltham, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of Leicester, wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Hopkins, IAt. Gascoyne, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Staffner,

Mr. Jackson, Lord Granby, Lord George Mr.

Pitt, Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Brozcnlaco Bcr 'ie. Mr.

Nugent, Mr Montagu, Mr Hands, Si

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whilworth. Lord John Cavendish, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Vane, Mr. Wilson, Sir Hardy,

Mr. Shelly, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Walter, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Yorke, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Harvey, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Byde, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Martin,

Lord Hinchinbrook, Mr. Vernon, Mr JMr Mr. Cocks, Mr Earle;and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Croxton Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Inclosure' Croxton, otherwise Croxton Kerial, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thoroton,

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Earle, Mr. Garth, Lord Hinchinbrook, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sandys,

Lord George Sackville, Sir William Meredith, Mr Mr. Byde, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Delaval,

Mr. Hewett, Niv.'Shelly, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir

Jarrit Smith, Lord John Cavendish, Sir

Mr. Nugent, Lord Granby, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Ryder, Lord Strange, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr Paterson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester,

Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Braunfloa Lands, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Inclosure. Braunston, otherwise Branston, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr Gascoyne, Mr. Hopkitis, Mr. JackfMr Mr. Earle, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Garth, Mr. Jennings, Lord Hinchinbrook, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sandys, Lord Strange,

Mr. Shelly, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ward, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Ryder, Sir George Armylage. Sir

532 n ° — 12° Februarii. . 17 66.

Delaial, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pft/, Lord Brmcnlow

Bertie, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Fawe, Lord 7o//« Ca-rendish, Mr. Yorke, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir 7o/i/i Cotton, Lord Granby, Mr. Byde, Sir Smith, Lord

Robert Bertie, Mr. Whit; and all the Members ‘ who serve for the Counties of Derby, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Britishi A Petition of the Trustees of the British

Museum. being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That, in the 2d Year of His present Mar

jesty, the Petitioners represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum, was reduced to a Capital of £.3 0,000 reduced Hank Annuities, the Dividend of which amounting to £.900 was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to theirforming the irEstablilliment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Representation they obtained a Grant of a further Sum of £.2000; and upon a like Application in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioners obtained a Grant of £.2000 for the same Purpose, which Sum, together with the Produce of the said £.30,000, are so for spent, that what remains is not more than sufficient to defray the Expences of the last Year: And therefore praying the House, to grant the Petitioners suchfurther Support, towards enabling them tocarry on the execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Trustees of the British Mifeumdo lay before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament, for the Use of the British and of the Expenditure thereof.

The House being informed, that Doctor Morton, from the Trustees of the British , attended at the

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Book, intituled, " Account of the Trustees of the " British MuJ'eum, to the 2 2d of Jamary inclusive,

" 1766."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House,

House. being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned, till this Day Fortnight.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 3ill Days of January last, and the5th and 1 oth Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and i oth Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command;

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent of the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Year 1760, there broke out Two Rebellions in the said Island, which threatened not only the Destruction of the Inhabitants, but the Loss of that valuable Colony to Great Britain; and that, after the said Rebellions, the Assembly of the said llland thought proper, in order to defray the Expences that increased on account thereof, to lay a Tax by way of Stamps, which Tax was laid in the Year 1760, and continued till December 1763, when that Law was fullered to expire, on account, as the Petitioner is informed, and believes, of its being unequal and burthensome, as it certainlywasinahigh degree; and that the Petitioner most humbly conceiving that the Act for imposing certain Stamp Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America will be attended with the same Inconveniences,. if not greater, (on account that the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred may be sued for and recovered in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty in the Island, at the election of the Informer or Prosecutor) prays such Relief in the Premises, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That tljey had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progrefo in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself.into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 1 oth Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 1 oth Days of this Instant , by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Barlow Trecothick, Esquire, Mr. Hanbuand Mr. Mildred, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Well*

Election.

American

Colonies.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition- of the Burgesses and Freemen of the City, or Borough, of Wells, in the County of Somerset, on behalf of themselves, and others. Voters of the said City, or Borough; and also the Matter of the Petition of Peter Taylor, Esquire; severally complaining of an undue Election and return for the said City;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

Mercuriiy 12* die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1766. Prayers.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentry, and others of His Majesty’s Subjects, residing near and passing through, the Highways and Road between Wendover and Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

and

American

Colonies.

Wendover

to

Buckingham

Road.

Liverpool

Pilots.

y

6 Geo. III. i 20 Februafit. 533

and read; taking Notice of an Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two former Acts, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, and to and through the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bucks and Middlesex; and alleging, that the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have applied all the Money, arising by virtue thereof, towards amending the said Road; yet the same is not in good Repair, nor can poflibiy be made so, wnless the said Act of the 24th Year of his said late Majesty be continued for a longer Term, the Trustees authorized to take additional l olls, and to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, for the immediate Repair of the said Road: And therefore praying for a Continuance of the said Act, made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in such Manner, and for such Time, and with such further Powers, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, £ir William -rtard, Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Cole broke, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Vane, Sir JamMr. worth, Mr. Ridley, Sir George Savile, Mr. Garth, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. PrSir John Glynne, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Grey, Mr. Boone, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ward, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Willoughby, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Pow-let, Mr. ProivJ'e, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Clive, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Palmer, Sir Charles Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Lord Freder Mr. Co-

ventry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clods, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Meredith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Masters of Ships and Vessels of the Port of Liver/wol, whose Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Hutchinson, beingexamined, said, That he hath

been many Years Captain of a Ship, and is now Dock Master of the Port of Liverpool, and has frequently surveyed the Banks and Entrance into that Port with Mr.. Mackenzie, who was employed by the Government as Surveyor of the Coasts of this Kingdom, and that the Banks and Tide Ways are so intricate and ipterwoven, and there being many moveable Banks and Shoals, the Navigation into the Harbour is very dangerous ;that there have been above 100 Lives, and about 15 Ships totally loft within a few Years pnft, and many others greatly damaged, which hath been owing to the Un-Ikilfulness of Pilots; that he has known a Ship lie off the Harbour Eight Days for want of a Pilot, and was obliged to go to the Me of Man for one; that there is no Law or Charter for ascertaining the Prices for conducting Ships into or out of the said Port; and that the making Provisioti for the proper Regulation of Pilots, and ascertaining their Rates or Prices, would tend greatly to promote and encourage Trade and Navigation, and be of public Utility.

Captain William Dun, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence, as to the great Danger of the Entrance into the said Port; and added, that he himself hath had Persons.ealling themselves Pilots on board his

Vol. 30.

Vessel Two t>r Three Days, and, when the Weather hath blown hard, and Difficulties arose, they have been totally ignorant 1k>w todoriduft the Vessel ib; and if the Witness liad not been acquainted with the Entrance into the Port better tliah they, he believes his Ship and Cargo must have been loft; that be hath been prevented coming into the (hid Harbotir in badWeather, and hath been obliged to go into another for want of a skilful Pilot, the Entrance into the same being so intricate and dangerous.

Mr. George Campbell, Merchant, being examined, said, That a Vessel bound from North America to Li-verjmol, and consigned to him, was in November last looked upon to be loft, till he received a Letter from the Captain from Cadiz in Spain, advising him, that he was 1b much afraid of the Danger of the Entrance into the Port of Liverpool, and the Uncertainty of getting a skilful Pilot, they being under no Regulation, that he (the Captain) thought it. best to go to Spain, and that he intended to fell his Cargo there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool:

And that Sir William Meredith, Mr. and Sir

Ellis Cunlijfe, do prepare, and bring in, tit - fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Free bold-

ers and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Cornwall 1;. 1 Devon, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read: Setting fort!.. That the Road leading from Stratton, in the said County of Com-

wall, through the several Parishes vl'Stratton and -cells, to the Red Post, in the said Parish cl and from thence through, the several Parishes of cells, aforesaid, Pancrafoeek, Py worthy, and Holfworthy,

to the Town of Holfworthy, and from thence through

the several Parishes of Half worthy aforesaid,

Cookbury, and Bradford, to Blakey Bridge, in tiel said Parish of Bradford, and from ;if'o?- f'id,

through the several Parishes of Holfworthy, Claw ion, Tet-cott, and Lujfincott, to Mounthoram Southern Gale, in

the Parish of Lujfincott aforesaid, by Way of Mill Bridge, arid from Holfworthy aforesaid, to Tamertou Bridge, in the Parish of North Tamertou, by Way of Deerington, through Pyccorthy, Clawton, and North Ta-merton, and from Holfworthy aforesaid, to Soldon CroJ's, in the Parish of Hol/ivorthy aforesaid, and from the Post aforesaid, to Little Bridge Lane End, in the Parish o f Bridgerule, and from thence to Lane End, in

the said Parish of North Tamerton, by Bank,

and from Little Bridge Lane End, over HiU,

through theieveral Parishes of Bridgerule and Whitefione to WillfioorthyMoor North Gate, in the said Pariiii of

Whitefione; and from Stratton aforesaid, over Heal Bridge, by Copatathorne, through the several Parishes of St? at ton, Maramchurch, and Poun to Widemouth

Savcl Place, in the Parish of Pouivdjlock aforesaid, and from thence by Trejkinnard Cross, through the several Parishes of Poundfiock, Jacobfioiv, and Week Saint Mary, to Clubworthy Lane End, in the Parish of Pether-ipin, and from Widemouth Sand Place aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Poundfiock, ' Maramchurch, and Whitefione, to Bowes's Hill aforesaid, in the Parish of Whitefione; and from Stratton aforesaid, through Maramchurch, by Wayof Can Orchard, to

in the said Parish of Maramchurch and from the Town of Stratton aforesaid, to Bude, in the said Parish of Stratton, and from thence by Inch's Shop, and Moorton Pound, through the several Parishes of Laun-

cells, and Pancrafweek, to Youldon Moor Post, in the Parish of Holfworthy; and from Stratton aforesaid, to Stibb, and from thence to Sandymouthin the Parish of Kilkhampton, and from Stibb aforesaid, through the said Parish of Kilkhampton, to Aljivorthy Village, in the Parish

ofBroadworthy; and also from Stratton aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Stratton# P and Kilkhamp-

6 U ton,

534 12° Februarii. A. 17

ton, to Taylor's Crofi, and from thence to Bone's Shop, in the Parish of Moorwinji and from Taylor's aforesaid, to Upcott Moor South ,in the said Parish of Kilkhampton; and from Statton aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Stratton and aforesaid, to

Moorton Pound, in the said Parish of Launcells, and from the Bed Post aforesaid, to Kearfam CroJ's, in the same Parish, are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot effectually be widened and amended by the present Method provided by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it. is referred to Mr. Sir John St.

Aubyn, S:r William Maynard, Mr. Sir James

Dashzrood, Mr Garth, Mr. Shiff'ner, Mr. Mr.

Ridley, Mi'. Vane, Ixird Sir Charles Kemys

Tynte, Mr. l'onnereau, Mr. Mr. Tovmjhend,

Mr. Plamer. Sir William Meredith, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Jail her, Mr. Laj'eelles, Mr. Buller, Mr. U’illoughby,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Aufrere Mr. Bertie, Mr. General A'Court, Mr. GlMr. Gascoync, Mr. Pryfc

Campbell, Sir William Baker, Mr. Jlexvett, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Ongley, Sir Boger Mr. Hujke, Mr.

IVhichcct; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Conucall, Devon, DiJr/et, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tunbridge A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, to Clergy, and Freeholders, of the several Counties of Kent

Rmglei, Cr-ofs an(j Suffer, and of the several Persons usually travelling

oa ’ the Road from London to Tunbridge Wells, in the said County of Kent; and from thence to Uckfield, Ixxces, and Briglitliclmston, in the said County of Suffer, was present ed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road from the Tunbridge , at Tunbridge

1 Veils, in the said County of Kent, to Gate, in

the Parish of Front, otherwise Fant, in the said County of Suffer, and from thence through Green, and

Boor/head Street, to CroicGate, and from thence

through Pound gate Lane, and Five Ashcn Down, to RinglesCroJ's, near the Town of UcJ\field, in the said County of Suffer, is impuffable for Wheel Carriages in the Winter, and very dangerous anti difficult for Persons travelling in Carriages, or on Horseback, at all Times: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Plainer, Sir Glynne, Mr.

Tuffiiell, Mr. llarbord. Sir John Griffin, Mr. Rebozo, Sir Anthony Abdy, M r. IJoneyzcood, Mr. Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Mr.

Bull, Mr. L'onnereau, Mr. Butler, Sir Mr. Pratt, Mr. Pelham, Lord Winterton, Mr. Vernon, Sir Samuel Cornish, Lord Mexborough, Mr. Sir

Charles Farnaby, Mr. FMr. Sir George

Colebrooke, Mr. Sergifon, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

Sargent, Sir JoJ'cphMawbey, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Houblon, Sir William Baker, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Harvey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffer, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humblePe- C!ieu-n« tition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and River Farmers, of the County of Essex, and of many Tradcf- av,&auon-men, and other Inhabitants, living in several Towns and Villages in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That Jhe River Cheinterrunning from the

Town of Chelmsford, to the Port of Malden, in the said

County, is capable of being made navigable for Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels; and that the making the same navigable will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and other Inhabitants of the said County, and of public Utility: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor making navigable the said River Chelmer, from the said Port of Malden, to the Town of Chelmsford aforesaid, in l’uch Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Maynard, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Luther, Mr. Burrell, Sir Hubert Long, Mr.

Bull, Mr. GaJ'coyne, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mr.

Bullock, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Sir ' j

John Griffin, Mr. Henniker, Mr. RiMr. Honeyiooood, Mr. Garth, Mr. Plamer, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir William Baker, Mr. Boone, Mr. JackJ'on, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Clive, Sir John Palmer,

Mr. Pexmant, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir John Hynde Cotton,

Mr. Whit/hed, Lord Ca/herlough, Lord Mexborough, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fuller, Lord Advocate of Scotland,\lr. Kynaston, Mr. Sargent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ejffex,

Suffer, Kent, Hertford, Surrey, Cambridge and Suffolk:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Wright, Gentleman, Impropriator Lubnam of the Great and SmallTythes, arising within the Open inclosure. . Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of Land and Ground lying within the said Open Fields, Robert Esquire,

Lebbeus Humfrey, and JoJ'cph Chapman, Gentlemen, and others, also Proprietors of Lauds and Grounds there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in linall Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any Improvement; that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors thereof, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Pur-pol'e.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer, Mr. IIezuett, Mr. Darker, and Sir Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Kegworth Christ'sCollege, within the University of Inclosure.

Willey, Clerk, Thomas AJtey, John Clifford, Richard Sutton, Robert Burton, and of the-several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Ow ners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Common, lying and being within the Lordship, or Liberty, of Kegzoorth, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lordship, or Liberty, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons; and that the Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed in final! Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of but very small Improvement; and, that if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great

Benefit

6 Geo. III. 12° Februdr 535

Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons, in such Manner as to the I louse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ir John Palmer, Mr. , Mr. Darker, and Sir

Thomas Cave., do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mieenborotit'h A Petition of Thomas Peach, Esquire, Lord of the inclosure. Manor of Quenyborough, in the County of and

a Proprietor of Forty-lix Yard Lands and upwards, in the Fields of Qucmjhorough aforesaid, Samuel Belton, Clerk, Vicar of Quenyborough aforesaid, and John Kilby,

Gentleman, a Proprietor of Eleven Yard Lands in 2 uenyboroughaforesaid, or thereabouts, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several Open Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the said Manor, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, and the Value thereof would be considerably increased if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Palmer, Mr. and Mr. Keck, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Rochdale A Petition of the Trullees for putting in execution to Two Acts of Parliament made, one in the Eighth, and Halifax the other in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of ^uid* his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, over Blackstone Edge, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have bor vowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which they have applied in Repair of the Road; and that tconfidcrable Progress has been made therein, to the great Advantage and Convenience of the Country; but that the said Road is Hill in many Places very narrow and ruinous, and cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened, unless the Petitioners are impowered to alter the Course of it in some Parts, and unless the Powers of the said Acts, which are in many Instances defective and inconvenient, are amended and enlarged, and the Term further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Shiftier, Sir

George Savile, Mr. Garth, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. linedt, M r. Pennant, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ridley, Mr. P lamer, Mr. Reborn, Sir John GhpSir John Palmer, Mr. Luther, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Mr. Fonnereau, Sir

Thomas Cave, Lord D Lord Mr.

Morton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr.

' worth, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Lewis, General Whitmore, Mr.

Waller, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Ongley, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Parker, Sir Robert Long and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Chester, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 30.

A Petition of the Most noble Thomas f)uke of Leeds, Alton

the Right honourable Robert Earl of Lords

of the Manors of Alton and Wales, in the County of inclosure.

York, and all’o of William Mason, Master of Arts, Rector of the Parish Church of Aston aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto fub-foribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the same Manors respectively, was presented to the I Ioui’e, and read; Setting forth. That there are within the said Manor Three several Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, called Common,

A ugh ton Common, and Conduit Common, containingtogc-ther, by Estimation, 280 Acres and upwards; and that within the Manor of Wales, arl[joining to the said Manor of Aston, there is a certain other Common, or Piece of Waste Ground, called Wales Common, containing* by ElUmation, 350 Acres and upwards; and that, within the same Manor of J1rales, there are also certain Open and Common Fields, called The OwlerbarrmoField, The Crezccap Field, and The Townend Field, containing, together, by ElUmation, 200 Acres, or upwards; and alleging, that the Lands in the said Open Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and at present are incapable of any Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the several Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open Common Fields, with and under such Rules, Provisions, and Directions, as to the House shall seem proper and requisite.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, urfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Lascelles, Mr. Harbord, and Sir George Savile, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Cromford holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, whose Bridge*

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the &c>

House, and read; Setting forth. That the high Road * ’

.eading from Cromford Bridge, in the said County, through Holloway and Erich, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, is become deep and ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor effectually repairing and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as i£ shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Sir Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Montagu, Lord Grey, Mr.

Glover, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Ber-

tie, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Mr. Darker, Mr. Grant, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Harbord,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Mr. Bagot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onjloto, Mr.

Lord Burgherjh, Sir William Mere, Mr. Cujt, Mr.

Jennings, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Grei/, Sir Edward Dering; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby', Nottingham, York, Stafford, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Xflibome and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, re- $cc. tiding in or near the Roads after mentioned, was pre- Ro»d. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Roads leading from Ashborve, in the County of Derby,

through Clifton, and the several Parishes of Sndson, and Cubley, to Sudbury, and from the Turnpike

Koadi

Dart ford, &c. RoaJ.

536 1 2° Februarii. . 1766.

Road upon Ilatton Moore in the said County, to a House in 7'litbun/, in the County of Stafford, now in the possession of Widow Tabberer, and lately known by the Sign of the Coch, and from «SW/w?T/aforesaid, through Dray-cot, over the Forestof Needwood, and through o

Yoxall Bridge, in the said County of Stafford, are in a

vers ruinous Condition, especially in the Winter Season, and in many Places very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous for Carriages and Passengers, and cannot be properly amei. ’ d, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary courseofLaw: And therefore praying, That Leas maybe given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall feemmeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to iliem, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Plvmer, Mr. Fonnercau, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gart/i, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Ridley, Lord Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Shi filer, Mr. L

Mr. Fairfax, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Charles naby, Mr. Gray, Mr. HoneyzoooodMr. Sir

Glynne, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Burdc/t, Lord Frederick

Campbell, Mr. Onjloio, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Waller, Sir Anthony AInly, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Calvert, Lord George Sackvilh, Mr. Butler, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Ed-

ward Dering, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Boone, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Baker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, York, Nottingham, and

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Farnabyreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the J nil ices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Roarl leading from the Cock and Lion BackGate, in Dartford, in the County of into

and through a certain Street called in the said

Town of Dartford, to Sutton Place, in the Parish of Sutton Athene, in the said County, and from thence through Sutton Street, to the Turnpike Road, at the West End of Farmingham in the said County, and from the Post, at the Eall End of Farmingham aforesaid, to and through Eynsford Street, in the said County, by Eynsford

Church, into and through the Road called the Upper Way, to O/ford, in the said County, and from thence through Otford Street, to the Pond, at the North End of the Town of Seven Oaks, in the said County; and also the

Road, being about a Quarter of a Mile, leading out of the before-mentioned Road ,at the South-WestCorner of the Garden Wall belonging to Sutton Place aforesaid, to the South-West Corner of the Garden Wall belonging to the Mansion House, in Darenth Street, in the said County, now in the Occupation of Mr. four-, and the Road leading from Eynsford Church, to the Farm Hou fe belonging to George Pawley, at the West End of Eynsford; and also the Road marked and flaked out, containing in LengthOne hundred and Two Perches, or thereabouts, leading out of the aforesaid Road between Eynsford and Otford, through a Field or Farm Yard belongin g to Shoreham Castle Farm, into the Road leading from Lullingslone Park to Shoreham, in the said County; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Sherrin and Mr. Thomas Williams severally said. That the said Roads are in general very deep and ruinous, and in many Parts thereof so very narrow, that it

is dangerous for a Person on Ilorfeback to puts a Carriage, and that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by theordinary course of Law; that the repairing and making a good Hoad, from the Road leading from Shoreham, to Park, through a

Farm Yard and a Field, belonging to Shoreham Castle Farm, into the Road leading from Otford to Eynsford, would be of great Convenience to all Persons travelling from Shoreham to Dartford; and that it will be necessary to shut up the Way through Lullingf one Park, to prevent Persons evading the Payment of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads, leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Charles Farnaby, Mr. Fairfax, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom 1 he Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Wafa-, or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper Ileworthand Nether J/cworth, in the County of Durham, was com mi I ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Edward Stewart Esquire, whole Property is of the Annual Value of about £ho, who refused to lign, but did not object to the Bill; and also except Sir Benjamin Ravelin, whose Property conlifts of about One Acre and an Half, whole Agent attended at a Meeting of the Proprietors, and had no Objection, but did not lign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppofa the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through tire Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interfiled, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafiui es, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, of King’s Thorite, in the County of was

presented to the Iloul'e, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dil-perfect, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interfiled therein if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under 1‘uch Regulations, as to the House shall feemjneet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Butler, and Mr. Knightly, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Andrew, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Harleston, in the County of Northampton, the Reverend Thomas Andrews, Rector of the Parish Church of Harleston aforesaid, and of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields of Harleston aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised, or possessed, of divers Freehold Estates, and other Properties,

Heworth

Inclosure.

Nine’s Thorpe inclosure.

Harleflon

Inclosure*

6 Geo. III. I 2° Februarii.537

ties, in the several Open grid Common Fields and Meadows of Harleftonaforesaid, which lie intermixed and dil’perfect in small Parcels; and that there are many Acres of Furze, Heath, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the said Manor and Pari Hi, at present of little or no use; all of which, if divided and inclosed, would be of great Advantage to the several Proprietors and Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Ground, Heath, and ‘Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. , and Mr. Knightly,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr, Tomkyns, from the Comm ifii oners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Account; An Account of all Foreign Goods exported from Imports and England to the British Colonies in America, whether Exporu. under Certificate or otherwise, from 1762 to

Christmas 1763; distinguisiiing each Year, with the Amount of Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also.

An Account of all Foreign Goods exported from England, to the British Colonies in America, whether tinder Certificate or otherwise, from 1763

to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, with the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Total Values of the Exports from England, to Spain, Port gal, Italy, and Sfreights, and of the Imports from the - r v» < into England, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 176 . , !>'Vmgiiithing each Country, with the Exceeding* <' *.«. -Vveral Exports

upon the Imports, or of the Imports upon the Exports: And also,

An Account of the Total Value of Exports and Im-

Forts from and to England, and all Countries, except Iis Majesty’s Isles and Plantations, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1763: And also.

An Account of all Goods of the Produce and Ma-nufadhire of England, exported to the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into England, from the British Plantations in America, from Christmas 1757 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Raw or Muscovado Sugar exported from England, to all Countries, from Christmas 1757 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Yrear: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Refined Sugar exported from England, to all Countries, from Christmas 1757 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers'which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon . the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of

last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant , by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto fiibscribed, living

VOL. 30.

near and nfually travelling the High Road, from the "'inborn Cross or Market-Place; in the Town of IVinborn Min-Jler, in the County of Dofet, through the said Town, BUrdf rd and through the lbveral Parishes, Tythings, ViUs, or Road Hamlets, of Stone, Abbot I pc ft, Cowgrove, Kingston,

Lacy, Shapwicke, Little Cranford, otherwise Tarrant Antiock, Tarrant Kennijton, Langton Long

to the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the said County of Dorset, and through the said Town of Bland ford Forum, to the Market-Place or Cross there; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said several Roads are very thunderous, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said several Roads, in such Manner as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tbp fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pitt, Mr Mr. Har-

bor d, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Waller, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Grant, Mr. Glover, Sir Lynch Cotton, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Ryder, Mr. llighy,

Mr Cornwall, Mr. Harris, Mr. FoLord Mr. Tozcnjhend, Lord Cum fort, Lord Brownlozv Bertie,

Mr. Butler, Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Lord Burgher//;, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Sir

Robert.Burdett, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Sir

Alexander Gilmour, General Hozcard, Mr. Clive; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Cornzcall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir John St. Aubyn, Baronet, was Plymouth presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Dock His Majesty’s Dock of Plymouth, and the Town of aterwoir Dock contiguous thereto, (being the Estate of the Petitioner) are very populous; and that a l'ufficient Quantity of good and wholesome Water, requisite and necessary, as well for the Use of the Inhabitants of Dock Town aforesaid, as for the Services of His Majesty’s Dock Yard and Navy, and for the Officers, Artificers and others, employed in His Majesty’s Service, cannot be had and obtained otherwise than being brought from a considerable Distance, and that not without great Expence and Difficulty; and that the Pet itioner doth propose, and is willing to undertake, the bringing and conveying of Fresh Water, from certain Places in the County of Devon, unto Dock Tenon aforesaid, as well for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Dock-Yrard and Navy, and for the Officers, Artificers, , and others, employed in the Service of His Majesty, upon a reaforiable Recompense and Consideration to be made to the Petitioner for the fame, as also for the Use and Benefit of the Petitioner, and his Tenants, the Inhabitants of the said Town, they likewise making to the Petitioner a reasonable and proper Satisfaction for the said Water: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Petitioner and hisTIeirs to carry the said Propofol into execution, and for giving the Petitioner such Powers for effecting the fame, as by the House shall be thought proper, reasonable, and effectual, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ami report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bailer, Sir Jo-fepltMatobey, Mr Willoughby, Nv. Pratt, Mr Mr. Boone, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hewett, Mr. S;r

Charles KemysTynte, Lord Frederick Campbell,

6 X Mr.

Lot

American

Ctlonits.

flexton

laclofurt.

538 ia° — 130

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Shiftier, Sir William Maynard, Mr. Serjeant Mr. Pitt,

Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Wood, Lord George Sackville, Mr Aufrere, Mr CornwSir William Baker,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Ryder, Sir Thomas Sir

George Pocock, Sir George Savile, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Burke, General Howard, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Grant, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Vernon, Sir ringtoh, Mr. Eiver, Lord Lome, Mr. Champion; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, DorsetyWnd Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, that the Petition of James Modyford Heywood, Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the 18 th Day of December last, and then order to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

r

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, aid, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the-Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Inllant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 2 2d, 27th, 28th, and 3 ift Days and the cth and loth Days of this Instant February-, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Lieutenant Balfour and William Kelly, Esquire, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Nine- of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hale do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Febructrii.

the Parish of Hexton, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Selling forfli, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed ami difperi'ed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable. of Improvement, and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons iutcrested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as, to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that M and Mr. Butler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Molt noble William Henry di/li, Duke of Portland,. Lord of the Manor of CnfU * fowerby, in the County of Cumberland, and the Right wprlhipful the Dean and Chapter of on behalf

of themselves, and divers others having Right of Common upon the Waites and Commons of the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a large Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, common] v called S and sundry 1 final! Parcels of Waste Land, lying, within the said Manor*containing by Estimation 5,006"Acres, or thereabouts, which, if divided and inclosed, would be greatly improved, and rendered of much greater Value" to the several Persons interested therein, than the same now are; and that the Petitiopers, and the several other Persons pit whole behalf this Petition is presented, have agreed to have the same divided and allotted, in pro* portion to each Pqrfon’s Right in the fame: Aiid therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring fn a Bill for establishing, confirming, and carrying the said Agreement into execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Aiid that Lord Grey, Mr. Jlewett, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charley We foil. Clerk* one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of the Blell’ed Virgin Mary, of Lincoln, apd* in, Right of his said Prebend, Patron of the CJiurch.of Balder/on, in the County of Nottingham, and O wher of the most confulerable Part of the Great Tythes there, Robert Lock, Clerk, Vicar of the said Church, William Ellis, Esquire, the Lell'ce of

the said Prebend, and of several other the Land Ovviiers and Persons interested in the Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pallure, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Balderlon aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, which lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of anyr considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the I loqfe shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And ihat Mr. Hewett, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Willoughby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jovts, 13* diFebruarii;

' 1 _ 1

Anno 6* Georgii IIItir Regis, 1766. Praters,

A PETITION of several Persons, whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land, arid otherwise interested, in the several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Earl Brook, of Warwick Castle, and Earl of Warwick, and several other Persons, whose Names are subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of llafclor, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds lie open, common, and intermixed, and are inconveniently situate for the Owners thereof: And therefore praying the House will grant Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing tile said Lauds and

Grounds,

Souerby

Iudofar*

Ba’iWton

laclosure.

Haft* lor In cloture*

6 Geo. III.

13® Febrila

539

Grounds, and for allotting the filtne amongst the Peti- in repairing the Piers, and Fn deepening fheChannel into

tioners, and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the fame, under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear necessary or expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the fairl Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger and Mr.

Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Hinton in the Hedges Inclosure.

Jlvto

Inclosi

ton

ure.

Hsrbury

Inclosure.

Bidford

Inclosure.

Whitby

Piers.

the Harbour, and particularly have rebuilt about 230 Yards in Length of the old Part of the West Pier, and caused it to be executed in the most ftt bit an rial and effectual Manner j but the Foundations of a confidevable Part of the Remainder of that Pier being weakened and impaired, by the Tenuring away of the Sand oot of the Harbour, or the decay or washing away.of the Marie, or soft Rock, whereon that Part of the same Pier has been built, and both the East and Wetl Piers' having been A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of also greatly thaken by the Sdas,’ it is become absolutely Lands, lying in the Open and Common Fields of necessary to repair the same in the like fubflanrial Myn-IlintoH in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton, ner without Delay; and that to complete the said Re-was presented to the House, and.read; Setting forth, pairs, and the other Works directed to he done by the That the Etlates of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, laid recited Acts, will be very expensive, being estimated, are, for the most part, inconveniently situated, and at a moderate Computation, at 11,000 and upwards; yield but little Profit: And therefore praying. That and the said Trustees having, for carrying on the said Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and Works, and other Works for repairing the said Piers dividing the Open and Common Fields of Hinton in the and improving the said I Iarbour, according to the fruits Hedges aforesaid, or that such Relief may be given in reposed in them, borrowed upon Mortgage of the Duties the Premises as shall be thought fit. the Sum of£. 11,500, whereof£. 5.5op is Hill unpaid;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and as the Duty of One Farthing per Chaldron, granted pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that by the said Act of the Eighth Year of King George the Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bagot, and Sir John Glynne, Second, will determine on the First Day of June 766, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. it. will not be p.oliible for the said Trustees to pay otF

the said remaining Debt, and complete the Repairs and A Petition of the Incumbent of the Vicarage of the Works, directed by the said recited Acts, without the Par ilh Church of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick, further Aid of Parliament; and that the Powers'by the

and of the Proprietors of the Great Tv thes, Freeholders, said former Acts granted, relating to the Authority given, and Proprietors of Lands, in the Common and Open and Salary to be allowed, to the Pier or Harbour Mailer Fields of Ryton, in the Parish of Bulkington aforesaid, appointed pursuant thereto, are found by Experience to was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, be insufficient for the well governing the said Harbour, That the several Estates in the said Fields lie intermixed and properly rewarding such Service: And therefore anddifperfed, and are, in their present Situation, a great praying the House to grant the said Trustees such fur-Discouragement to Industry and, Improvement: And' ther Aid for enabling them to', pay'off their said Debt, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in and complete the Repairs and Works directed by the a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common and said recited Acts, and necessary to be done for preserv-Open Fields of Ryton, in the Parish of Bulkington afore- ing the said Piers, and improving the said Harbour, and

said, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Ro Mr. and Mr. Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Pefition of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields of Harbury, in the County of Wwas presented to

to give them Power to enlarge the Salary, or Allowance, of the said Pier Mailer, and to inveil him with such Powers for the better regulating the Shipping in the said Harbour, as to the House iltall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmley, Sir Thomas Cave,

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners Lord Greys Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Ward, Sir,

Estates in the said Fields lie intermixed and difpeffed, , Mr. Fonnerea^u, Mr. Byile, Mr. Mr. Bagot,

and are incapable of Improvement in their precept Si- Sir Joseph Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

tuation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Mr. AnJ'qn, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Hewett, Lord given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the North, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr*. Fairfax,

said Open and Common Fields into just Allotments Lord Frederick Campbell, General Whitmore, Mr. and Proportions. Thrale, Mr. Howard, Mr. Mr. Sir

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill, John Griffin, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. Crew;

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger Nezodigate, and, Mr. York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the.House, accord- Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain foils. Papers, and Records.

Open and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Mailers, and

A Petition of several Makers and Manufacturers of Glaft Glass, witflin this Kingdom, was presented to the House, Mjuufaaut*». and read -, Setting forth. That the Petitioners frequently take Apprentices very young, who for several Years are of no Benefit to their Mailers, but rather a Burthen;

Owners of Ships, of the Town of Whitby, in the County and that it often happens, after such Apprentices have of York, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting served some Years, they are prevailed upon to absent several Acts made in the First and Seventh Years of themselves from their Mailers, for the Remainder of Queen A nne, and in the Seventh Year of King George the their Apprenticeships, to the great Loss and Detriment First, and the Eighth Year, of King George the Second, of their Mailers; and that there are articled Journey-for granting several Duties, and giving several Powers men employed in the same Manufacture, who frequently

for rebuilding and repairing the Pier? of and

setting forth, that the Trustees to the said Acts have caused many expetifive Works to be carried on and done V©L. 30. X

leave their Mailers before the Terms of their Articles expire, although they have received Money in Advance for Work to be performed by them, to the great Dif-

appoint-

by

54° 13° Februarii. A. 17

Southwark

Streets.

Surrey and Suflcx Roads.

appointment and Loss to their Matters, and Hurt to the Trade in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for remedying the Grievances before mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Joseph Mawbeij presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving the High Street, Part of Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Neivington, in the County of Sur/y; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution several Acts of Parliament paired in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Surrey and Suffix-, and also an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Suffix, and for enlarging the Terms and Powers by the said Acts granted, and for repairing the Roads lying between and

eester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the County of Surrey; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads; and have borrowed Money upon the Credit of the said l olls, a large Sum whereof remains unpaid; nor is it possible, during the subsisting Term, to keep the said Roads in Repair, and repay the Money borrowed; and that the said Acts have, in many other Particulars, been found to be defective; and also setting forth, that the Roads leading from the End of the Turnpike Road in SmithamBottom, beyond Croydon, to

the End of Wooley Lane, next Bygate-, and also the Road from the Town of WandJ'worth, through Garrat, to Tooting, are in a ruinous Condition, too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary course of Law; and that Part of the said Roads, under the Direction of the Petitioners, leading from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, towards Croydon, Sutton, Kingston, and Camber-well, in the said County of Surrey, from their Contiguity to the Metropolis, are very much frequented, and Persons obliged to travel the same by Night are frequently exposed to Robberies, and other Outrages, which the Petitioners apprehend might, in great measure, be prevented, if a regular nightly Watch was established upon certain Parts of the said Roads, and a sufficient Xumber of Lamps set up to enlighten the fame, but the Powers given to the Petitioners are insufficient for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said several Acts, and likewise to make Provisions for repairing the Road from Smitham Bottom beyond Croydon, to Wooley Lane End, and from icorthto Tooting-, and also to empower the Petitioners to set up a l'uflicient Number of Lamps, and to support and maintain a proper Number of Watchmen, for the enlightening and watching the said Road, under such Regulations as to the House tlia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Si r Joseph Mr Onslow,

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. ShiJJhCharles Mot daunt.

Sir Roger Xeicdigafe, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Mr.

tlarriMr. Fonnereau, Mr. WhiticoriSr, Lord S'range,

Mr.Tmcutirnd, Mr.-S 'andys, Mr. M

Mr, Bootle, Sir Jarrit Smi'h, Mr. Contis, Sir Charles Kemys Tyute, Lord Warkworth.Lord Mr. Foby, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. V alter, Sir Edward , Sir

Lynch Cotton, Mr. Ewer, Lord George Mr.

Jennings i and all the Members who forve ti>r t he Comities of Surrey, Su/j’ex, Kent, Middle fix and and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, find Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants refilling in Olave's Sheet, FreeschoolSi net, and Bennondf.y Street, in and near the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe by the Votes of the House, that Application is making to Parliament, for a Bill, for paving the High Street, Blackman , White Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the lame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; and that St.Olave's Street and Bermondsey Street make one of the principal Highways leading from London Bridge to the nearest Turnpike upon the great Kenti/hRoad; and also that St.Olave's Street and fehool Street lead directly from London Bridge to the Turnpike Road called the Acre Road, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, which is the nearest

Highway leading from London Bridge to His Majesty’s Victualling-Office and Dock-Yard -at Deptford, in the County of Kent; and that all the said Streets are great Thoroughfares, and are at present very ill paved, and not sufficiently clean fed, lighted, and watched, and there are many Ohftruft ions and Annoyances therein; and that, if the Provisions of the said Bill were extended Street, Freeschool Street, aforesaid, and from thence to the nearest End of the said Turnpike Road, called the Neio Road, and to Bermondsey Street, so far as to the Stones End, the same would he of great Utility and Advantage, as well to the Public as to the Petitioners, and all Persons passing through (he said Streets; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if a (mail l oll was laid upon all Cattle, and Carriages, pafiingon through t lie

nearest Turn pikes of the Roads which communicate with the said Streets, and that if the Petitioners were enabled to make Rates on themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Streets and Places, the same might be well paved and duly watched, lighted, cleansed, and freed h orn Obstructions and Annoyances: And therefore praying. That the Provisions of the said Bill may be extended lo St. Olave's Street, Freeschool Street, aforesaid, and from thence to the nearest End of the said Turnpike Road, called the Neio Road, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the said County of Surrey, and all'o to aforesaid, as far as the Stones End, and to the several Courts, Yards, and other Places, not being Thoroughfares, adjoining the reunto; and that the Petitioners may have such other Aid and Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr. Tow

hetid, Mr. If hit worth. Sir Brands Vincent, Mr. Harvey,

Mr.Harris, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Coutts, Lord Strange, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Cooke, Mr. LafcMr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Paterson, Sir Jar ritSmith, M r. Egerton, Lord LordA Torth, bk.Sandys, \Ir.7 'hMr.7 Mr.

RidUy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Lord

Frederick Campbell, Cord Frederick Mr

Mr. Jennings, Mr.7 'uckfield, Mr Mr. Whitworth,

Colonei Howe, Sir John Sebright, Mr Mr

Mr.

Sou'huark Sirectt.

Laighton

Bromfwpld

Iocfosure.

Tern Bridge to

Wintford

CanaL

Ditto.

Ditto*

Ditto,

-V

6 Geo. 111. 13° Februarii. 541

Mr. Biide, Mr. Middleton, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Foiey.Sir Charles Kemys 'l'ynieMr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Suffix,

Kent, Essex, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports t

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of

Cormoallis, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Proprietor of several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Laighton Bromjioold, otherwise Laighton in the County of Huntingdon, containing i ,600 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Condition, yield but little Profit, mid it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein if the same were divided and inclosed: Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Townffield, the Lord North, And Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Land Owners, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, residing in the County of Chester, whoseNames arethereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a survey taken, it appears that a Canal, or Cut, may be carried from the River Severn, at or near Tern Bridge,

in the County of Salop, to lead to or near Crutchington Tb'/ri^e.in the said County, Ba

and Bridgford, in the County of and from

ford aforesaid through MadeleyP in the said County of Stafford, by or near Nantwich, in the said County of Chester, to Winsford, in the said County, there to unite with the River Weaver, and to communicate with the River Mer fey, for the Navigation of Boats, and other

Vessels, with heavy Burthens, whereby an easy Communication will be made between the Two great Ports of Bristol and Liverpool, which the Petitioners conceive will be of very great Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the making and maintaining such a navigable Cut, or Canal as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

APetition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing within the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Worceft

and the several County and Market Towns of Shrezvf-bury, Bristol, Gloucester, Worcester, Bridg-

north, Neioport, Drayton, Eccleshall, Stafford, Nantwich, Northwich, Chester, and Liverpool: Andalfo,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing within the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Worcester, Gloucester, and Somerset, and the several Cities of

Bristol, Gbucester, Worcester, and Chester, and the several County and Market. Towns of Shrewsbury, ley, Bridgnorth, Whitchurch, Newport, Drayton, Stafford, Eccleshall, Betley, Nantwich, Northwich, and the Borough and Port of LiverpoolAnd also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, LandOwners, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing within the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Worcester, Gloucester, and Somerset, and the several Cities of Bristol, Gloucester, Worcester, and Chester, and the several County and Market Towns o iShreiosbury, Bewdley, Bridgnorth,

Whitchurch, Neuport, Drayton, Stafford, Eccleshall, Bet-

Vol. 30.

ley, Nantwich, Northwich, and the Borough and Port-of Livert(ml: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen* Land Owners, Mer- Tom Bridg# chants. Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing to within the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Worcester, Gloucester, and Somerset, and the several Cities of Bristol, Gloucester, Worcester, and Chester, and the several

County and Market Towns of Shrewjbiny, Bewdley,

Bridgnorth, Whitchurch, Newport, Drayton, Stafford,

Eccleshall, Betley, Nantwich, Nort/noich, and the Borough and Port of Liverpool: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Mer- Ditto, chants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing within the Counties of Sulop, Stafford,

er, Gloucester, and Somerset, and the several Cities of Bristol, Gloucester, Worcester, and Chaffer, and the several County and Market 1’owns of Shrewjbuiy, Bewdley, Bridgnorth, Whitchurch, Newport, Drayton, Stafford,

Eccleshall, Betley, Nantwich, Northwich, and the Borough and Port of Liverpool;

Were also presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Cut, or Canal, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Crew, Lord Lord Grey, Lord Downe, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Coutls,

Sir George Savile, Mr. PaterJ'on, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Bagot, General Whitmore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Anj'on,

I-ord George Sackville, Sir William Baker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Stiff ner, Mr. Harris, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Harvey, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Legh, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Sir James Lowther, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Worjley, Lord Carysfort, Lord Winter ton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Upton, Mr. Wood, Sir James Dajkuooood, Sir Roger Netvdi-gate, Mr. Shqftoe, Mr. Norris, Mr. Burrell, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Whitshed, Mr. White s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sabp, Stafford,

Worcester, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Or1- Mailing Street der, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Leioes, and other Roads in the County of Suffers and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash; and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battell, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Soar River Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Navigation. Loughboi'ough, in the County of L and Parts adjacent, whole Names are thefeunto subscribed, on be-nalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River Soar is capable of being made navigable, from the River Trent, to or near the Lordftrip of Loughborough, and by a Canal, or Canals, from thence, to or near the Town of Loughborough, which, the Petitioners apprehend, would be of great Advantage to the Trade and Manufactory Carried on in that Country, and be of public Utility:

6 Y And

Whitby

Pier*.

Ditto.

54*

130 Februarii. 17

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigation, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Matters of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, in behalf of themselves and many others: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Matters of Ships belonging to Scarborough, in the County of York, in behalf of themselves and many others j

Were presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners and others, are very largely concerned in Shipping, employed chiefly in the CoalTrade, at , Shields, and Sun-

derland, which Business, the Petitioners presume, has, by long Experience, been found of the greater! Advantage to this Nation, by raising and continuing very great Numbers of Seamen (who tipon all Exigencies and Emergencies have been incorporated into the Royal Navy, and otherwise employed to the Safety and Honour of this Kingdom and its Colonies) and by otherwise employ -ingmanyThonfands of theinduftriousPoor; and that the Petitioners apprehend it veryeffential to the Manufacturers and Poor of this Country, to be supplied with Fuel on easy Terms; and that all Proceedings tending to a Monopoly mutt of Course be very prejudicial; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that, of > late Years, the Persons employed as Fitters in the Coal Trade, at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland aforesaid, have become Owners of Ships to a very great extent; and in order to engross and keep the Trade in their own Hands, have made it a Practice to refuse a Loading of Coals, except it be an inferior Sort, to the Petitioners, unless taken upon Freight at a consider* able Under Value, and at other Times obliging them to wait with their Ships Eight or Ten Weeks for a Loading, and at the fanrie Time loading such Ships as they are themselves most interested in immediately on their Arrival, by which Means such Ships frequently make Two or Three Voyages to London, before the Petitioners can get One Loading to fail with, where* by great Numbers of the Petitioners Ships, which used to make Eight or Ten Voyages in the Summer Season, cannot now make above Five or Six in the whole Year, to the great Lois of the Petitioners in their Fortunes, and to the very great Prejudice of the Consumers of Coals at London, and other Places, because the Petitioners are obliged to keep up the Price of their Coals, in order to make themselves some Amends for their extraordinary Expences and Lois of Time; by which Method of monopolizing, the Fitters, whose Ships make so many more Voyages in a Year than the Petitioners, of Course, have immense Profits upon their Coals, and are getting Fortunes upon the Wreck of the Petitioners,* and at the Expence of the Public, and will in a short Time become Matters of the whole Coal Trade, and have it in their Power to prescribe such Rules, and set such Prices, as they shall think proper, for furtheraggrandising the irown Fortunes; and that, upon Account of this great Check the Petitioners have met with in their Trade, they are greatly discouraged from, and find themselves incapable of taking Apprentices, which, the Petitioners with Submission represent, mutt, if not timely prevented, have very dreadful and fatal Effects upon the Trade and Navigation of these zz

Kingdoms, by destroying that great Nurlerv Toi* Seamen; and that, by an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reigns of King IVHug in, Provision was made for regulating the Weight of every Chaldron of Coals; but there being no Powerto punish Persons not complying with the Directions of the said Act:, the same has proved ineffectual, to the further great Prejudice of the Consumers of Coals; that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Persons employed as Fitters at Newcastle, Sunderland, and the adjacent Ports, were obliged, as formerly, to keep public Lists in their Offices of such Ships as apply for a Loading, and likewise were obliged to load all Ships as they are entered in their Course; and also if proper Power was givpn for ascertaining the Weight of every Chaldron of Coalsat the several Ports aforesaid, it would be a great Means of preventing the Evils and Disadvantages above complained of, and be of great public Utility: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Sir George Me.

Harvey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Harris, Sir Edward Dering, Lord George Cavendish, Lord George SackvilMr. Legh, Mr. Whit-'

more, Mr. Fonncreau, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

Toum/hend, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Mr. Oj-

baldeston, Mr. Norris, Sir Jarri Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Cooper, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr.

Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Mr. Ong-

ley. General Harvard, Lord Thomond, Mr. Boone, General Honeytvood, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Bromley, Sir William Baker, Mr. Rigby,'Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hervey , and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, , and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiff, Approved Men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred , That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hte Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present, being examined, said, That he knows the Road described in the Petition; that the same is in many Places too narrow, and in a ruinous and dangerous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurjley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbunj, in the County of Berks: And that Sir John Griffin Mr. Whihvorth, Mr. Jennings, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fttme.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution Two several Acts of Parliament made, one in the Eighth, and the other in the Tvfenty-fe veil th Year of the Reign

of

Hurelcy

to

Andover

Road.

Rochdale

to

Halifax

Road.

6 Geo. III.

13° Februarii.

543

of his lute Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancafttt, over BlackftoneEdge, to the Towns of Halifax and in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as i| appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the said Trustees had proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and had borrowed Money, on the Credit of the Tolls, to the Amount of£.5,500; which is still owing.

That considerable Progress has been made in repairing the said Road, to the great Advantage of the Country, but that it Hill continues ruinous and narrow, in several Places, and cannot be effectually amended and widened, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further enlarged.

Mr. Joseph Holbrooke, being examined, said. That the said Road is narrow and bad, in many Places, and in order to repair and widen it effectually, it will be necessary to turn the Course thereof, which he is informed the Trustees have not Power to do, by the present Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in'a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the county of : And that Mr. Harbord, the Lord Strange, Mr. and Lord George Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beverley, Sir George Savile presented to the House, according &c. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roajd

Road. from fVillas Pump, in the Town of Beverley, in the East

Riding of the County of York, through and

Great Driffield, to Kendell and from Molfcrofl\

to Bainton Balk, in the said Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whitechapel A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers Poor. of the Poor, and Parishioners, of the Parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel, within the Tower Division and County of Middlesex, the Li her ty of 11 is Majesty’s Toioer of London, and Liberty of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the said Parish, Power is given to purchase any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish, and to alter, repair, and furnish, any Buildings Handing on the fame, for receiving, maintaining, and employing, the Poor of the said Parish, or to build thereon a House, or Houses, for the like Purposes, or contract for the Hire of any I louse or Houses, within the said Parish, for the Purposes aforesaid; and for that Purpose, Power was given to raise by Annuities £.4,000, which said Sum is thereby charged on the Rates authorized by the said Act to be made; and that the Trustees to the said Act are not able to procure any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish, to build any Workhouse or Workhouses upon, nor to hire any Building to convert into a Workhouse; and that, for Want of a proper Place to receive the Poor of the said Parish, the Expence of maintaining, regulating, and employing them, hath been much greater than it would otherwise have been; and the Trustees have raised by Annuities Eleven hundred Pounds, Part of the said £.4,000, authorized by the said Act to be raised on Account of the Poor, which has been expended for that Purpose, in order to avoid so excessive a Poor’s Rate, as mull otherwise have been; and that there is, within the said Parish, a Piece

Vol. 30.

of Ground, called the I/noer Burying Ground, which is the Property of the said Parish, and, for Time immemorial, hath been made Use of as a Burying Ground for the said Parish, and which, being ill an airy Situation, is very proper to build a Workhouse upon, or ppon Part thereof, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, and cannot be attended with any Inconvenience to the Parishioners, by reason they have other Burying Ground sufficient within the said Parish; and that there are several other Pieces of Ground ad joining and contiguous to, but not within, the said Parish, very proper and convenient to build a Workhouse upon for their Poor, but the Trustees are not empowered by the said Act to purchase the fame; and that the Petitioners apprehend some further Alterations may be necessary to be made in the said Act, for the more effectually putting the said Act in execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Trustees to the said Act, to provide a proper Workhouse or Workhouses, for the Use of the said Parish, either by appropriating Part of the said Burying Ground, or purchasing Ground contiguous to the said Parish, and to raise such further Sums of Money as may be necessary for those Purposes, and for regulating, governing, and maintaining, the Poor of the said Parish, or to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Edioard Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. W!lately, Mr PaterfonMr. Eger ton,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Shiffner, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

Burke, Lord Downe, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Pitt, M r. Ryder,

Mr Byde, Mr Montagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Mv.Whitworth,

Si r Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Whicheot, Mr. Worjley, Mr. Toionshend, Mr. Sandys, Lord Warkworth, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Howard, Mr. lYard, Mr. Grey, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Butler, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir George vile, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Robert Burdett, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr Henniker, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Lord North, Mr. Clive, Mr. Staunton, Mr.

Shed; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford; and for the City of London: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Regulating the reunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Persons Buil.dmgs concerned in the building of Houses, on behalf of them- Westminster. selves and others, within the City and Liberty of I minster, and the other Parishes and Places mentioned and described in the Act thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and other Places therein mentioned; and that the said Act, so far as it relates to rebuilding Party Walls, where neither of the adjoining Houses require to be rebuilt, or new built; and also so much of the said Act as directs Party Walls to be built of a greater Thickness than is required by the Act of the Seventh Year of Queen Anne, has been found ineffectual, as the Persons offending against the said Act, in these Particulars, although prosecuted to Conviction, are not obliged to make good any Defects in such Partition Walls, or to rebuild them in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, so that Prosecutions carried on against Persons offending against the said Act, tend only to the Ruin of such Offenders, and their Families, without being any additional Security to the Buildings adjoining to such defective Walls; and that the said Act has been found

ineffectual,

544

13° Februarii. A. [ ~66.

ineffectual, in many other Respects, for answering the salutary Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, and to make the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Warkworth, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sandy a, and Sir

William Beauchamp ProQor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Folkestone A Petition of the Mayor, .1 urats, and Commoners, of

Church, the Town of Folkestone, in the County and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Folkestone, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Folkestone aforesaid is situate at the upper End of the said Town, at a small Distance from the Cliff; and that, by the continual flowing of the Tide, and raging of the Sea again A the said Cliff, the Bank whereof is a loose sandy Soil, the same is considerably washed away, whereby the said Parish Church is in Danger of falling, unless timely prevented by erecting one or more substantial Jettee, or Jettees, at the Foot of the said Cliff, under the said Church; and that the lower Part of the said Town, and the Beach whereon the Fishermen are accustomed to resort to, have been, from Time to Time, preserved from, and defended against, the overflowing and raging of the Sea, by Two large Jettees, or Heads, one at the East, and the other at the West End of the said Town, which Jettees, or Heads, have been, from Time to Time, kept in Repair by the Fishermen, and other Inhabitants of the said Town, by a voluntary Subscription; and that, by Length of Time, and many high and raging Tides, the said Jettees, or Heads, are become very ruinous; and should they go entirely to Decay, not only the said Beach, but all the lower Part of the said Town, must inevitably be overflowed and carried away by the Sea; and that the Fishermen of the said Town are become very poor, and neither they, nor the other Inhabitants of the said Town, who are burthened with numerous Poor, are able to raise so large a Sum of Money as will be needful to be expended in erecting a good and substantial Jettee, or Jettees, for the Security and Support of the said Parish Church, and to repair, and keep in Repair, the said Jettees, or Heads, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Jettee, or Jettees, for supporting the said Church, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Jettees, or Heads, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Byde, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Legh, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Downe, Mr. Paterson, Sir Roger Mr. Harris,

Mr. Sandys, Lord George , Mr. Hotoe, Mr.

Egerton, Sir Charles MLord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Clive, Lord North, "Kir. John Pitt, Mr Harbord, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr Mr. Ridley,

Mr. lJewett, Sir William Meredith, Sir George tage, Mr. Townshend, Lord Mr.

Mr. Bond, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Coleraine', ana all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Hants, and Wilts:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Litcftfield, from" was Pre^ented to the House, and rend; Setting forth, WildeoFm/ That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, Cuud. that a Petition hath lately been presented for Leave to

bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal from IViU den Fern/, in the County of Derby, to the River;

and that the great and extensive Trade of til several Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, SU>:rer~

bridge, and Dudley, and the many populous Villages in their Neighbourhood, chiefly eoitJills in Goods and Merchandize of Burthen, the great eit Part of which is for Exportation; and that the Expence of Land Carriage has been long found very detrimental to the Trade of the said Towns and Villages; and that a Cut. from tin; said Canal to the City of Litchfielwhich is the central Point towards the Trent, from the above mentioned great trading Towns and populous Villages, will be highly advantageous to all those Places in general, and to the City of Litchfield in particular: And therefore praying. That, if the Bill for the said Canal should pais into a Law, a Power may be given by such Bill, for a Cut to be made from the said Canal, to the City of Litchfield.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Anson, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr Burrell, Lord Grey/, Sir Roger Newdigate, nereau, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Whitmore, Lord Me.vborough, Mr. Whitworth, Mr Paterjbn, Mr. Harris, Mr. Which-col, Mr. Legh, Mr. Nugent, Sir William Mr.

Plumer, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir William Baker, Sir George Savile, Mr. Thrale, Mr Mr.

Vansittart, Mr. Ilexoett, Mr. Whateley, Mr. Martin, \jord Hence, Mr Jackson, Mr. KLord Carysfort,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bn Mr.

Edmonjtone, Sir Alexander Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Derby, Nottingham, Lincoln, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in and upon a certain Common, called and also in and upon other Commonable Lands, called Fen Lands, in the Parish of Stretham, in the Isle of Ely, and in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member, present, said. That a great Part of Stretham Common is subject to be overflowed, and, in its present Condition, yields little Profit; and if the same was embanked and drained, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Proprietors, and of public Utility.

That the said Common is separated from the said Fen Lands by the River Ouze, and, at present, the Cattle of the Proprietors pass from one to the other through a deep and dangerous Ford; and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Persons interested in the said Common and Fen Lands, if a Bridge was built over the said River, at or near the said Ford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving Stretham Common, in the Parish of Stretham, in the Isle of Ely, and County of

Cambridgei and for building a . Bridge over the River Ouze, between the said Common and other Commonable Fen Lands in the said Parish: And that Sir John HyndeCotton and the Lord Carysfort, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal,

was

Stretham Incioftirc, u c.

Bristol

Street*.

6 Geo. III. i ^'F'ebruMi. 'T

545

was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, and refused:to sign the Bill, and said they'would con- - That several Streets, Lines, Ways, and Passages, within fider of it; and that'no Pc Won appeared before the Com- ’ '

tlu; said City, are too narrow and incommodious for the mittee toOpjwfe the Biil; and that the Committee had: passing of Persons and Carriages, to the’Prejudice and gone tlironghi tire Bill, and made several Amendments Inconvenience of the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses thereunto, Which they-had directod him Vo report to in and near the fame, and to the great Hindrance <rf-; the House; and he read the Report in'his Place; arid Business, Trade, and Commerce; and that the said In- afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments," conveniences might bo remedied; and several new Streets in at the Clerk’s fable ;Wher£ the'Amendments wore: and Passages made within the said City, to the great Ease, Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Safety, and Convenience of the Citizeii.siand Inhabitants by One; and', upon the (liidiionifeverafly'put these- *-.

thereof, and all Perfops refarting to the said City, if the upon, several Of them were disagreed" to, and the rest ’

Petitioners were enabled to widen, enlarge, or alter, the were agreed to, by the House; and several Anuifidmentp ' said narrow Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, and to were made, by. the Mouse,--to 'the’ Bill. so

open and lav out such new Streets, and for those Pur- Ordered, That the Bill,* with the Aihendiiierits, be ' poses to purchase the several Edifices, Houses, Buildings, ingrossed.

and Ground, as they may from Time to Time deem ne- ..... i

ceflary; and that 'the several Acts lately passed, for Mr; preferred -to the House, According to Cuddingtori

cleansing, paving, lighting, watching, and regulating* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons ' Inclosurt;

the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and or Waste Grounds, called‘C«ddington, or Bryn

for preventing Annoyances on the Keys and Wharfs, in Ihe Township of Cud ding ton with Bjyii; in the Parish1

and upon the Banks of the Hi vers Avon and Froom, of WeverIwm, in the Conuty of'Chester: And the same 1

within the Liberties of the said City, have been found was received; and read the First Tithe. 1;

very defective; and that it would^tend greatly to the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Safety, Preservation, and Convenience of the Inhabi- .'

tants, and*be of great Benefit to the Trade and Naviga- A Petition of theprihcipalHofiOrs.and Manufacturers Fr*me-«ork tion of the said City, if the said Acts were explained and of Frame-work Knitting Goods, refuting in the Town Kmuing amended, and proper Powers given for reltraining the of on behalf of themselves, and all others,

Carriage* of excessive Weights within the said City, and concerned in the said Trade, was presented to the anu a °ry*

removing and preventing in future all Nuisances and House, and read; Setting forth, That the Frame-work

Obstruci ions by Spouts, Signs, Polls, old ruinous Build- Knitting Trade being one of the principal Branches of

ings, or otherwise, and also to remove, and more efiec- the Trade of this Kingdom, several beneficial and w’hole-

tpally prevent, all other Annoyances and Obstructions feme Laws have been from Time to Time made, for the

upon the Banks of the said Rivers, and all Encroachments preventing Abu fes in the said Trade; but that no

upon the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the already made has extended-to the preventing of the1

said City, by the Projection of new’ Buildings, or other- False Marking of Stocking Pieces, and; other Frame-

wife, and likewise for the better cleansing and repairing work Knit Manufactures; and that,- through the Defi-

of Common Sewers, Spouts, and Drains, within the said ciency of the Laws now in being in that respect, fe-

City.and Liberties thereof: And therefore praying, veraf Persons, as well Makers as Sellers, encouraged

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the thereby, have made false Marks in their Frame-vcork "*' *

several Purposes above mentioned, with such Powers Knit Goods, denominating them to be of a better Kind; ’

and.Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the andofgreater Value, than in fact such Goods have been,

House shall seem meet and expedient. and thereby riot only greatly imposed upon the Buyer,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and detrimented the fair Trader, but brought the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Frame-work Knitting Manufactures into a great Dif- ‘ mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it credit, tending to the De(traction of the said Trade:

shall appear to them, to the House: And therefore praying, That a Law’ may be made for

And it is referred to Mr. Nugent, Lord Ifoioe, Mr. the effectual preventing of all such Abuses in the said Bagot, Sir JarritSmith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Lynch Trade, by fixing such a Penalty, adequate to the Of-Cotton, Lord Grey, Mr. Shi fitter, Mr. Webb, Mr. Whit- fence, upon the Manufacturer and Seller of the said worth, Mr. Willoughby;Mr. Egerton, Mr. Whichcot, Co- Goods, as shall be thought proper by the House; or

lonel Howe, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pa- that the House will give such other Relief in the Pre-terson, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John HyndcCotton, Lord<S7 range, miles, as to them shall seem meet.

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Sandys, Sir Roster Mostyn, Mr. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Calvert, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Whately, Mr. CV;cA’j, Mr Elliot,

Mr. Edzcanl Nugent, Sir diaries Farnaby, Mr. Jackson, The House being informed, that M r. from Account;

\A>rdGeoi'geSaciville, SirJofepfiJ\fazcbeii,\lr.Ryder, S\r the Commi.Turners of the Customs, attended at-the Sugar.

George Armytage, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Mr. P/M, Mr. Montagu, 'blT.Jenkinson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. the House, pursuant to their Order,

Kynaflort, \lr.Fonnereau, ljordCan/sJbrt, blr.Townshend, An Account of the Amount of the Duties paid, in Mr. Harris;and all the Members who serve for the His Majest y’s Sugar Colonies, on-Sugars exported fron>

Counties of Somerset, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall,.Wilts, thence to the Northern Colonies in America, from and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 1754 to Christmasi 764; distingliishing each

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Year and Colony.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Maugerlbury Lieutenant General Whitmore reported from the That the said Account be referred to the

Inclosure. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred the Open Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and to consider further of the several Papers, which were Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Muugcrjhny, in the presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary upon

I Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester, the 14 th, 2 id, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January

was committed, That the Committee had examined the last, and the 5th and loth Days of thislnstant February, Allegations of the Bjll, and found the same to be true; and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Mato the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except jesty’s Command.

John Pitman, ll illiam Newent, and 71 ’illiam Clifford, who The said Account'is preferred amongst the other

have each only a Right of Common, but have ijq Lands, - Papers of this Session.

Yol. 30. 6 Z Ordered,

SAW*

546 i 3° — 14 FebA. 1766.

Account; Ordered, That there be laud before this House, an Pimento, ^ccount Qf t^eQuantities of Piemento, Ginger, Cotton, Rum, Dying and other Woods, Drugs of all Kinds, imported into Great Britain, from His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the Year 1757 to the Year 1764; dillinguiOiing each Year; and likewise the Quant ities of the said Commodities exported from Great Britain in the same Period; distinguishing each Year.

Westtniafter The House being informed, that Mr. Box, from the Paving. Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster,&c. attended at the Door; he was called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, for putting in execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City of &c. and of all

ContraCis and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 16th Day o(January 1765 to the 21st Day of January 1766, both inclusive: And also.

Copies of the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners, for paving, cleansing, and lighting

ster, of the Receivers to the said Commissioners, and of the Bank of England with the said Commissioners, to the First of January 1766, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

American The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Colonies, whole Hohfe, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Infiant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant Februanj, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed 'by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Jte/olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 1 oth Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning, except Benjamin Franklin, Esquire.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Beeston Long, Esquire, do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Comvay, upon the 14th, 2 2d, 27 th, 28th, and

31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Rickard Maitland, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make a America* Motion. Colonies.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Captain Turner do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson have Leave to make a Ditto. Motion.

And he moved the House according!}’.

Ordered, That----- Williams do. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris} 140 dieFebruarii j

Anno 6* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

AP ETITI ON of several Persons, whose Names are WalfWorth thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land, and Inclosure. otherwise interested, in the several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walsworth, in the Pari fli of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons

Cl

interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byde and General John Bofcaxcendo prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Burton, Henry and Cottmghsm

shomas Mould, Esquires, John Chambers, Gentleman, Inclosure. Richard Hoicard, Merchant, George the

younger, Joseph Akam, John Kirkman, Benjamin Clegg,

Martin Ringrofe, John Eggleston, John Barrett, William

Keeling, and others, whose Names are subscribed, Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Open Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the Township of Cottingham, in the County of York, there are certain Open and Uninclosed Meadow Grounds, and Common Pastures, called the Iggleviirc,

Saltings, North Carr, InnCoirunon, SwineP

Ings, Bujky Firth, and the Grooves, which are computed

to contain in the Whole 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts, which are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but if the same were inclosed and drained, it would be a Benefit to the Parties interested, and the Public in general: Aud therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

6 Geo. III. 140 Februa 547

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Thurlow, Mr.

Formereau, Mr. Byde, Mr. Mr. Toionjhend,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Whitwo Mr. , General

BoJ'cawen, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gray, Lord Charles

Spencer, Mr. Keck, Sir Armine Sir

Mordaunt, Mr. Drake, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pye, Mr. Gidston, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Dxfion, Mr. Sir

Francis Vincent, S*r joseph Lord

Bertie, Mr. Onjlozv, Sir John -St. Mr. Loiondes,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Manners-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Lincoln, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Berkeley A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe-

Sqtnre. tition of several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in Berkeley Square, in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Fence and Inclosure of such Part of the said Square as was lately inclosed, is gone to Ruin and Decay, and the same now lies open and common to the Streets and Ways adjoining, and is become a Receptacle for loose and disorderly Persons, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants in the said Square, and to the Danger of their Lives and Properties, as also of all other His Majesty’s Subjects resorting thereto, and passing through the same; and that, in case a proper Inclosure was made in the said Square, and the same properly lighted and paved, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Public, and the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Square; that the Ground and Soil of that Part of the said Square formerly inclosed, being leased to private Persons, the Petitioners, in order to have the public Benefit thereof, have obtained the Consent of the Lessees, to assign the Lease, subject to the Rent thereby reserved; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous, by a proportional Charge, to raise a sufficient Sum for the several Purposes above mentioned, and for maintaining the same when done: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in the said Square, to make a Rate on themselves, for railing Money sufficient for the inclosing, paving, enlightening, and adorning the said Square, and for supporting and keeping the same in Repair for the future, and for the Payment of the Ground Rent reserved by the Lease above mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Norris, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clive, Mr. Buller, Mr. Byde, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Buller, Sir John Glynne, Nlr. Nugent, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Pye, Mr. Montagu, Lord Mountjtewart, Mr. Fenton Lord Charles Spencer, Lord

George Cavendish, Mr. Mills, Lord Warkworth, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Ryder, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. WalleMr. Manners, Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Gulf on, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Thurlow, Mr. Gilbert, Lord George Sackville, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Coleraine, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rice, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Paterson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Kent, and Surrey; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Vol. 3#.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Plymouth Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John St. Aubyn, Doc't Yar<J* Baronet, is referred.

A Petition of William Colegraie, Esquire, Lord of _ Little the Manor of Little Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Copyholders, or otherwise interested in the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, and in the Parish of Little Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Commons and Waste Grounds, lying open, are but of very little Value; but if the same were inclosed and divided, it would be of great Advantage to the Parties interested, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BilJ, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. De Grey and Sir Charles Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees, appointed by an Act Glasgo* passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for Roads, repairing several Roads leading to the City of Glufgow, thereunto subscribing, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That, by the said Act, among others, the Road leading from the City of to Luggie.

Water, and from thence to the Town of Cumbernauld, and Redburn Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, and the High Road leading from Inchbelly Bridge, through the Town of Kirkintillock, in the County of Dumbarton, to the City of Glasgow, are authorized to be repaired, under the Trustees therein named; and that the Monies which have arisen, by virtue of the said Act, have been duly applied according to the Direction thereof, and great Progress made in amending the Roads described; but the Road before described, from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, cannot be made commodious for the Use of the Public, or passable for Wheel Carriages, on account of the many high Hills, and Waters requiring Bridges, unless the Direction in the said Act mentioned to Cumbemaidd, be altered, and Liberty granted, for carrying the Road on the North Side of Garngad Hill,

South Side of Germfitoun Hill, by Provan Mill, North Side of Hoggenfield Hill, and from thence in the old Direction to the East End of Gamkirk's Inclosures, from thence to Burthland Bridge, from thence to near Baden-heathCaJlle, from thence to WeJierAirdrice, from thence to Mainhead, and from thence to or near Redburn Bridge, through such Grounds as to the Petitioners shall seem moll commodious for Wheel Carriages, upon paying the Proprietors thereof the just Value; but that, the said Road cannot be made and kept in Repair, nor the Road before described in the said Act from Inch Bellie Bridge to Glasgow, unless the Term and Powers in the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual, as to the new Di* rest ion of the Road first before mentioned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edmonfone, Mr. Pye, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Mr Fonnereau, Mr. Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. BurreU, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr Buller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Charles Spencer,

Mr. Butler, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sir Armine -

house

548 140 Februarii. A, ij66.

house, General Bofcawen, Mr. Lord Mr.

Jennings, M r. Molyneux, Sir Hubert , M r.Lewis,

Lord George -Sac hi He, Lord Carysfort, Lord George Cacendifi:, Mr. Coventry, Mr Lord

Mr La) ielles, M Thoroton, M r. White, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Karris;and a;i the Members who i'erve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fisherwiclc A Petition of the Right honourable Arthur Earl of

Park Road, Donegal7, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to &c- the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is possclTed of the Manor of Fisherxvick, in the County of fit afford, and has fixed his Residence at the Petitioner’s House standing in his Park Ihere, and at the Dirtance of about Four M iles from the City of

field, on the West Side of the River Tame-, and that there is at present a Road from Litchfield into leading through Huddle-ford Lanes, on the North Side of l he Petit ioner’s said Park, which laid Lanes are scarce pafiabh . r.> the North Gate of the said Park, and from thence, in several Branches, through the said Park, over" tlx* said River lame, by Three several Fords, and the said Branches unite again on the Fait Side of the said River, near Elford Mill, or the Payer Mill; and that the said Fords are oftentimes quite impassable; and in high Floods the adjoining Meadows are overflowed; and that there is likewise a public Highway, leading from Litchfield aforesaid, into Leiceflthrough Whittington, and by the South and Fall Sides of the said Petitioner’s said Park, on the Out side thereof, and over the said River Tome, at the Southernmost of the said Fords, at Elford Mill, which laid Road from Litchfield, to the Ford at the said Mill, is in general in good Repair, except a Part of the said Road, from a Gate, called Hadtmore Gate, to the said Ford, which the Petitioner engages to repair, and keep in good Repair; and that the Road from Litchfield, to Hcdem may easily be kept in good he pair, the same going through a dry, gravelly, or l'andy Soil; and that there is not at present any Bridge over the said River Tame, South of Elford Mill aforesaid, nearer than Jlopwas, which is Four M lies from the said Mill, nor any Bridge, North of the said Mill, nearer than Salter's Bridge, which is above Three Miles from the said Mill; and that the said and Sal-

ter's Bridges are, from their lowT Situations, inaccefltble in Floods by Foot Passengers, and in ljigh Floods it is dangerous to pass with Horses or Carriages; and that the Petitioner, in consideration of being authorized by Parliament to stop up the several public Roads through his said Park, is willing to erect and maintain, at his own Expence, a substantial public Bridge for the free Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and Travellers, at all Times, over the said H iver Tame, at the said Place, called Elford Mill, which will establish an easy Communication between the said City of Litchfield, the Borough of and

other great trading Towns, and Places, on the WestSide of the said River, and the Villages of Haunton, Clifton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Stafford, Edingale in the County of Derby, and with the County of Leicester on the East Side of the said River: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for efretting the above-mentioned Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thurlow, Sir Mr. Grey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gray, Mr. Price, Mr. Jennings, Mr Mr. Thynn, Mr. Wed-

derburn, Mr. Gore, Mr Mr. Bagot, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Sr Edward Bayntun, Mr . Drake, Sir Wodehouse, Lord VII-

liers. Lord Charles Spe, Mr. Grenville, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Me. Eitzmaurice- Mr. Srtnlh/s, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. LafceV.es, Sir Lunch CottoMr. Mr. Vane, Mr. Norris, Mr Clive, Lord George dish, Mr. Dufon, Sr George Sable, Mr. Ilarvey, General

Whitmore, Mr. Sargent, M r. Bull, Mr. Prcraft. Lord

Frederick Campbell,- and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Fifljera-ick and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Whittington, in the County of ‘Stafford: And hifo, / - &c’

A Petition of the Gent lb-men, Freeholders, -Farmers, and Inhabitants^ of the-several Pari dies and Villages of Elford, Harlaston, Ilaunton, and Clifton, in the Coutif vof -

Stafford, Nethcrfeal in the County of , and Edingale in the Comities of Derby r\nd Stafford: And aho,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu-fattnrers, of the Borough and Parish ol- Walsall, in the.

County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield

Were also severally presented to the IToufe, and read; Taking Notice of the said Petition of the Right honourable Arthur Earl of Donegall, in the Kingdom o fIreland-, and reprel’enting to the House many Advantages which, the Petitioners apprehend, will arise from such Bridge being built at Elford Mill aforesaid, and by repairing the said Road, by the Fall and South Side of

V

the said Park, to Hademore; and that it will then be attended with no Inconvenience to the Petitioners, or the Public, if the said Roads over Fisherxoickare difoontinued r And therefore

praying. That the said Bill, if brought into thte'

House, may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions wCre severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Petition of the Right honourable Arthur Earl of Donegall, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred;

Mr. Drake presented to the House, according to Window Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the (/’pen and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of Winfloxc, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Bladon to whom the Bill for dividing and in doling the Common inclosur*. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of t he Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Sfepheti Selater, a Minor, who is entitled to Right of Common for One Horse; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they -had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Great Tew to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure.

and

S

6 Geo. III.

14° FebruariL

549

Grimoldby

Indofai*.

Hafelton

Inclosure.

Sutthoff’s (and others) Nat.

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, and Ty thing, of Great , in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming an Award made for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of Hafelton, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Godhard and John Peter

Cornud, was presented to the House, and read: Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jennings and Sir Thoma Cave do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Oswald’s and Lord Sack vilie's

A Petition of the Right honourable James,

and the Right honourable George Sackville, commonly Qualification ca^e<^ Lord George Sackville, was presented to the Bill. House, and read; Setting forth. That His Majesty, by His Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, hath granted to the Petitioners the Offices of Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Revenues, Profits, and Casualties, whatsoever, in His said Kingdom of Ireland, and to be Treasurer at War within the said Kingdom; and that the Petitioners urgent Business requiring their Stay in England, they cannot, at present, go into the said Kingdom to qualify themselves there for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office for the Employments above mentioned, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Paterson and Mr. Jennings do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vox.. 30.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Land, or otherwise interested; in the Common Fields, Cow Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Find in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township or Hamlet, several Open Common Fields, a Cow Pasture, and Commons, called Highfield Willows End Field,

Wall Field, Hargate Hill Field, the Cow Pasture, Heath Common, the Bake Acres Common, the Doles, and Waste Grounds thereto belonging, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement, but would be very advantageous if inclosed and divided: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendijli, Mr. Thoroton, and Sir Henry Harpur, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition, of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Land, or otherwise interested, in the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Darley, in the High Peak, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Darley Commons, which, in their present Situation; are incapable of any Improvement, but might be of great Advantage if the same were inclosed and divided: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Catendish, Mr. Thoroton, and Sir Henry Hai’pur, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Marflon, in the County of the City of,

and Owner of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements there; Jonathan Mefftnger, Clerk, Rettor of the Parish and Parish Church of Marflon aforesaid; and of William Hill, Gentleman, Matthew Hill, Gentleman, Joseph Acomb, John Grainger, Thomas fides, John Spencer, Charles Gill, John Cartwright, Quinton Acomb, William Palfreyman, Thomas Wakefield, John War’d, and Henri/ Acomb, Owners and Pro-

prietors of divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, wi thin the said Manor of Marjtcn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Manor, there are several large Arable Fields, called, the Church Field, the Field, the Braharn Hill Field, the North Field, and the Firth Field, containing together 950 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie open and uninclosed; and that, within the said Manor, there is also a large and extensive Moor, or Common, containing about 7 or 800 Acres, which is, at present, of little Advantage; and that the Petitioners are very desirous that the said several Open Fields, and the said Moor or Common, may be divided amongst the Petitioners, according to their respective Estates and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lafcdles, Mr. Thoroton, and Sir George Savile, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Repton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

7 A A Bill

Findem

Inclosure.

Darlejr

Inclosure.

Marflon

Inclosure.

Repton

Inclosure.

& rt

WHHWgtoifi

Inckrfure.

Haverhill

to

Red Cross Road.

Tern Bridge to

Winsford

Canal.

550

14" Felruarii. A. 1766.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Ihe Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and M ade Grounds, within the Parish of Uington, in the Count}’- of Dei by, was read a Second Time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Townshen Mr. Thoroton, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Parker, Mr. Mr. Dyson, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clive, Mr. Lord Brownlow Brriie, Mr Contts, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Harpur, Mr. Shiffner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Codrington, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bull, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rice, Mr. Gray, Mr. Champion, Mr Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir broke, Mr. Norris, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Alderman

Bedford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Leicester, Stafford, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing within the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Act of Parliament, there is a Turnpike Road from Colchester, in the County of Essex, to Haverhill, in the same County,

being Part of the Highway leading from Colchester aforesaid to the University of Cambridge; and that many Parts of the Common High Road leading from Haverhill aforesaid, from the End of the said Turnpike Road, to Bed Cross, in the Parish of in the County of Cambridge, other Part of the said Highway, leading from Colchester to Cambridge, are become very ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Shiffner, General Whitmore, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. rcau, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Drake, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Ixnondes, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Clive, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Legh, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Vane, Sir William Codrington, Lord Can/sfort, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Parker, Sir Bobert Ladbroke, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Sir George Sa-

vile, Mr. Morton, M r. Barrow, Mr and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers, of the Borough and Port of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by a Survey taken, it appears, that a Canal, or Cut, may be carried from the River Severn, at or near Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, to lead to or near Crutchington Bridge, in the said County, Batchacre Grange, Eccleshall, and ford, in the County of Stafford, and from Bridgeford aforesaid, through Madely Park, in the said County of Stafford, by or near Nanlwich, \nthe County of Chester, to Winsford, in the same County, there to unite with the River Weaver, and to communicate with the River Mersey, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, whereby an easy Communication will be made between the said Port of Liverpool and

19

the Port of Bristol, which, the Petitioners conceive, will be of great Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave mity be given to bring in a Bill for the making and maintaining such a navigable Cut, or Canal, as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers, and under such Provisions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Merchants, Land Owners, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, residing in the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, accord- Stretham ing to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving Stretham Drainage, Common, in the Parish of Stretham, in the Isle of in fcc* the County of Cambridge; and for the building of a Bridge over the River Ouze, between the said Common and other Commonable Fen Lands, in the said Parish:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put Allhallow* in execution an Act passed in the lal't Session of Parlia- on the Wall ment, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows on the Wall, in the City of London; and for ' ° '

rebuilding the House belonging to the lleftor of the said

Parish; and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and find the Money, which they are thereby impowered to raise, is not sufficient- for carrying the said Act into eft'eftual execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for railing such further Sum of Money for carrying the said Act into effectual execution, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Thrale, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr Bacon, Sir Roger Newdigate, Lord Cavendish, Mr Lewis, Sir Thomas Cave, General Whitmore, Lord Mexborough. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Mack-worth, Sir Edzoard Bayntun, Mr. Morant, Mr. Ongley,

Mr. Garth, Lord Burgherff, Mr. Formereau, Mr.

Mr. Boulton, Mr. Drake, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Anjlruther, Colonel Hotham, Sir Mr.

Barroiv, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. CoMr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ryder, Sir George Montgomery Metham, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sir

George Savile, Mr. Legh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Townshend, Sir Colebrook, Mr Nesbitt;and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex,

Essex, Hertford, Kent, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Davidson, Agent for the Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, was presented to Breadalbane’s the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Exchange Exchange, having been proposed of a Part of the Karl of Breadalbane’s Estate, which lies adjacent to, and interspersed with, the annexed Lands and Estate of Perth, for Two small Parcels of the annexed Estates, surrounded by and interspersed with the Earl’s Estate, at a great Distance from each other, and from the rest of the annexed Estates, the necessary Surveys and Ellimates have, in consequence of Direct ions from the Lords Commissionere

of

\ -

6 Geo. III. 14 FebruariL551.

of his Majesty’s Treasury, been taken, and are now transmitted, as the Foundation of a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; and that the 15th of this instant February being fixed by the House, for the lall Day of receiving Petitions for private Bills, and as the Earl of Breadalbane is now, for the Recovery of his Health, at in the King of Sardinia's Dominions, from whence he is expected in London in alhort Time, at too great a Distance for getting a Petition signed by himself, so as to be presented on or before the said 15th of February: And therefore praying for Leave, to the said John Earl of Breadalbane, to apply, by Petition, for the Purposes aforesaid, after the said 15th of February.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bickar Lord Brozcnloio Bertie reported from the Committee, Udofure. to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Brown-low Earl of Exeter, Lord of the Manor of Bickar Beaumont, in the County of Lincoln, the Right honourable John Peyto Lord Willoughby de Brooke, Lord of the Manor of Helpringhamcu?n Bickar, in the said County of

Lincoln, John Scudamore, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Huntingfeld Hall, in the said Parish of Bickar,

the Reverend Charles Trimnel, Vicar of the Parish of Bickar aforesaid, and other Proprietors of Lands, in the said Manors and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matt r of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Penfon, being examined, said. That there are within the said Manors and Parish several Open Fields and Meadows, which contain about Three hundred Acres; and that the Lands of the Parties interested therein lie intermixed and dispersed, and are at present incapable of any considerable Improvement.

That there is in the said Manors and Parish a large Common Fen, containing near Two thousand Acres, which is frequently overflowed, and is of little Benefit to those Persons who have Right of Common thereupon; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Parties interested, if the said Fields, Meadows, and Fen, were divided and inclosed, and the said Common Fen was properly imbanked and drained.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish in

the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen: And that Lord Bertie, Mr. But-

ler, and Mr. IVhichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Homber A Petition of Leonard Thompson, of Hutton, in

Light Houses the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the Holife, SpurneVoir.t. an<^ rea<^ > Reciting letters Patent from King Charles the Second, in the Twenty-seventh Year of his Reign, for granting Power to Angell, his Heirs, and

Assigns, to maintain certain Light Houses, on his own Land, upon the Spitrne Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and take the Tonnage therein mentioned, for defraying the Charges thereof; and declaring, that if it should thereafter appear, that the said Grant was not of public Benefit, the said Letters Patent should be void; and also reciting other Letters Patent from his said Majesty, in the Thirtieth Year of his Reign, granting a lur-ther Tonnage to the said JuJtinian for the fame

Purposes, and subject to the same Condition of declaring the said Letters Patent to be void; and setting forth, That, in 1692, Edward Thompson, then of the City of York, Esquire, the Petitioner’s Great Grand Father) purchased One Fourth Part of the said Light House, and of

Vol. 30.

all the Duties* Benefits, and Profits whatsoever, to be Humtwf had, gotten, and received, for, or in respect of the said k»&ht Hous* Lights, or either of them; and that the said Fourth spurn* Point. Part hath ever since remained the Right and Property of the find Edward Thompson, and his Defeendants; and that the Petitioner, by virtue of the Will of Edward Thompson, Esquire, his Uncle, hath, ever since his said Uncle’s Death, which happened in 1750, received from John Angell, now of Stockwell, in the County of Surrey,

Esquire, the nowRepresentative of the said jufinian Angell, the said Original Patentee, or his Collector or Receiver of the said Duties and Profits, One Fourth Part thereof, down to the 10th Day of October 1765: That, by the flowing and ebbing of the Sea since the erecting the said Light Houses, Part of the Ground at and near the said Spume Point has been Walhed away, so that the Point of the Spume now lies at a very considerable Distance from the said Light Houses, by reason whereof the said Light Houses are not now of so great a Utility as they would be in case the same were taken down, and others were built inllead thereof, near the present Point of the Spume, but for want thereof, many very great Losses have lately happened to Ships and Vessels employed in the Northern Navigation; and that several Applications have been made to the said John Angell, and his Agents, to change the Situation of the said Light Houses, in such a Manner as they may become more useful, and answer the good Ends and Purposes for which they were originally designed; but he, from Time to Time, wholly neglected or refused so to do; whereupon the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond

(after repeated Complaints from the Corporations of the Trinity House in the North of England, and from the Merchants and Navigators) in or about the Month of F'ebruary 1765, presented their Petition to His Majesty,

Praying, that His Majesty would be pleased to signify His Royal Pleasure, that the said Letters Patent should be made void; and that His Majesty was pleased to refer the said Petition to His then Attorney and Solicitor General, who reported they were of Opinion that the rrtaterial Fa6ts alleged in the said Petition were well founded, and were a sufficient Ground to warrant the proceeding to revoke the said Letters Patent; but in-as much as the said Spume Lights were a valuable Inheritance, and had been long in the Possession of Mr. Ai-gell and his Family, and as the Petitioner (who had been excluded from any Share of the Management and Direction of the Light Houses) appeared to have been, and had expressed himself before them to be, deli rous that the heft and moll effectual Measures should be taken for fulfilling the Purposes of the said Letters Patent, and to contribute his Proportion of the Expence; and as the Corporation of the Trinity House at Deptford Strond were willing to undertake the Conduct and Direction of rebuilding the Light Houses, and placing them in a proper Situation, they were of Opinion it might be advisable, if His Majesty should so please, to suspend, for a short Time, the Steps necessary to be taken for vacating the said Patents, in order that the Patentees might have an Opportunity, if they thought fit, of authorizing the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond to take such Measures as they should think proper, at the Expence of the Patentees, for taking down the present Light Houses, and erecting and building others in such Places, and in such Manner, and for so keeping and preferring the Lights therein, as should, in their Judgment, moll effectually conduce to the Safety of the Navigation of those Seas; and if the Patentees should refuse or neglect, forthwith to give such Authority and Security for defraying the Expence of the said Erection, to the Satisfaction of the Corporation, or should thereafter retard or attempt to frustrate the fame, or to obllruct or render ineffectual the Execution thereof, it seemed advisable, if His Majesty should so please, that the speediell Means the Law would allow should be used for vacating the said Grants; that, on the 6th of

Hum her Light Houses ar

Spume Paint.

552 140 Februariu . 17

July lad, the Petitioner made a Proposal to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford , whereby he informed them, that he was desirous that the bell and most effectual Measures should be taken for fulfilling the Purposes of the said Letters Patent, and did con-lent, and was ready, to contribute his Proportion of the Expence of taking down the present Light Houses, and erecting and building others, in such Places, and in such Manner, and for keeping and preserving the Lights therein, as should, in the Judgment of the said Corporation, be thought proper; and that Mr. hav-

ing, from Time to Time, from the making of the said Report, neglected or refused to make the like Application, the Corporation, in the Month of last,

presented another Petition to His Majesty, to the same Effect as their former Petition, which Petition His Majesty was pleased to refer to His Attorney and Solicitor General for their Confederation, and to make their Report thereon; who were pleased to signify and recommend it to Mr. Angell (in order to prevent the Revocation of the Patent and Loss of the whole Inheritance in the Duties, to the Prejudice, not only of Mr. Angell, who had obstinately refilled to do what was necessary for the safe Navigation of the Humber, but of the Petitioner, who has been, during the whole Dispute, willing to comply with the earnest Request and Opiriion of the Trinity Corporation) to submit the Time, Place, Manner, Direction, and Estimate of the Expence of erecting new Light Houses, to the Trinity House, at Deptford, and to make a Deposit, or give Security for a Sum of Money to be forthcoming, to defray such Expence, and also to reimburse to the Trinity Corporations of Deptford Strond and Hull, all their Expences, which they have incurred in this Matter; and that, after the Light Houses should be completed, they should be subject to the Visitation and Inspection of the said Trinity Houses, or One of them; and that the Whole should be executed without waiting for the Decision of any Question of Title with Mr. as to the Right of

the New Soil thrown up at the Spume Point, under a conditional Agreement to be made with the said Mr. Constable; that the Right to the Spot where the Lights should be fixed should be determined after they were set up; that, in consequence of the said Direction, a Proposal, or Agreement, was prepared, and approved of by the Counsel for the said Mr. Angell, but he has hitherto neglected, and upon an Application made to him by the Petitioner’s Agents for that Purpose, refused to sign or deliver the fame, or any other Proposals, to the said Corporation; and that the Petitioner is ready and willing to take down and remove the present Light Houses, and to erett and build others instead thereof, in such Place or Places, near to the present Point, and

in such Manner and Form, as shall be thought most proper and convenient, under the Inspection and Di-reftiou of the said Corporation, and to conform to the Proposition made by His Majesty's Attorney and Soli-citor General as aforesaid, upon his having the Liberties, Duties, and Profits, granted by the said Letters Patent, vested in him, so as to enable him to borrow Money for that Purpose on the Credit thereof; and that the Three Fourth Parts of the said Liberties, Duties, and Profits, belonging to the said John Angell and his Heirs, may be a Redeemable Intereli in him, upon his or their paying to the Petitioner, or the Person or Persons from whom such Money shall be borrowed, his the said John Angell's Proportions of such Money, and the Intereli thereof, and upon the Petitioner being enabled to charge the remaining Fourth Part of the Money, so to be borrowed, on the said Fourth Part of the said Lands, Light Houses, Duties, and Profits, to which he is liirn-l'elf entitled for his Life j the Petitioner keeping down the Intereli thereof during his Life; but, by reason of the Estate and Interest which he the said John Angell hath in Three Fourth Parts of the said Lands, Light Houses, Duties, and Profits, and by reason that his

Condition of Health, Manner of Life, and State of Mind, are such that the Petitioner has no Expectation of being able to effect the Purposes aforesaid by Agreement with the said John Angell, and also by reason that the said Petitioner is only Tenant for Life in the said Fourth Part of the said Premises, he cannot be enabled so to do without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That, upon Proof of the Allegations aforesaid, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to take down and remove the present Light Houses, near the Spume Point, and to erect others inllead thereof, in a Place nearer to the said Spume Point, and more convenient and useful to the Northern Navigation, and to enable him to borrow Money for that and other Purposes to be therein mentioned, upon the Credit of the Duties payable for Ships and Vessels passing the Spume Lights, and to apply the same in erecting such new Light Houses, and for other Purposes therein to be mentioned; or to effect the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, by such other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ojbaldefion, Sir Edward Mr. Pennant, Sir George Montgomery Sir

Charles Saunders, Mr. IJeioett, Lord Robert Manners, Sir George Pocock, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Cholmley, Lord Howe, Mr. Montagu, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Ridley, Admiral Keppel, Mr. Willoughbx), Sir Ralph Milbank, Lord John Cavendish, Sir William Meredith, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Morton, Lord Granby, Mr. Thurloiv, Mr. Jones, Sir John Major, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Shijfher, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Prowse, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Sir William Baker, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wood, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, General Honeywood, Mr. Waller, Mr. Cooke, Lord Frederick Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Coast Counties; and all the Merchants of the House: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Notice being taken, of a Mistake in the Account of the Total Value of Exports and Imports from and to England, and all Countries, except His Majesty’s Illes and Plantations, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1763; which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, ftom the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Total Value of Exports and Imports from and to England, and all Countries, except His Majesty’s Isles and Plantations, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1763: And also.

An Account of the Total Values of the Exports from England, to Spain, Portugal, Italy, and and

of the Imports from the same into England, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and each Country, with the Exeeedings of the several Exports upon the Imports, or of the Imports upon the Exports: And also,

An Account of the Total Value of Exports and Imports from and to England, and all Countries, except His Majesty’s Isles and Plantations, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764: And also.

An

Account; Exports and Imports.

Ditto*

6 Geo. III. 14 0 Febrtiar553

An Account of the Quantity of the different Species of Com exported from $ with the Bounty paid

thereon, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1765.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the Three first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Comcai/,upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Intlant Fe, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Inllant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

The said Accounts are preservedamonglt the other Papers of this Session.

Whitechapel Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Poor, stone. Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Curzon,

Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Drake, Mr. , Mr.

Alderman Harley, Mr. Harbord; Mr. Mr.

Lmcndes, Sir William Meredith, Sir Roger Mojtyn, Sir

Boger Nerodigate, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishioners, of the Parish of St. Maty, Whitechapel, within the Tower Division and County of Middlesex, the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and Liberty of the City of Londoit, is referred.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of the Extraordinary Services incurred. Account; and paid by the Right honourable Lord Ilollatid, late Army Extras. Paymaster General, to 20th December 1765, and not provided for by Parliament: And also.

An Account of Extraordinaries paid by the Right honourable Charles Towii/hend, Paymaster General o His Majesty’s Forces, to the 24th of January 1766, and hot provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were reads The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

VhL. 30.

As

554

14° Februarii

A. 1766

0

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Lord Holland, late Paymalier General, to the 20th of December 1765, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of

Warrants.

1764*

.4th Seplr. To Mr. Rump, in discharge of a Warrant granted by William

Elliott, Esquire, on Peter Taylor, Esquire, for Forage for the Troops . in their Winter Quarters in the County of Lingen£. 349 8 1

December.To Mr. West, Secretary to the Commissioners for exa-

mining and dating German Claims, for the Clerks Salaries, and contingent Expences of the said Commissioners Office ----- 1,000-----

I?6/!; 20th Feb. 26th Apr. 19th Apr.

24th Jan.

nth Feb.

13 th May. 4th Apr.

To D®, on D° Account -

To TV, on D° Account -

To D°, for i82d’ Pay, at £.1. a Day, from 19th

Off. 1764, to 18th Apr. 1765 -

To Me(T" Bordelius, Delius, and C°, in discharge of

Two Warrants granted by Mr. Elliott on Mr. Taylor, for Forage delivered into the Magazines at Hamm, Wahendorjf, Dulmcn, Coexfiand Furjlenau

To Lieut. Colonel Faucitt, for 92d* Allowance, at £. 5. a Day, as Commissary for collecting together, and keeping in safe Custody at Hanover, all the Vouchers on which the Commissaries in Germany granted Certificates for Money, during the late War, from 2d September 1764 to 2d December following -

To D°, for 92d‘ Pay as D®, from 3d December 1764 to 5th March 1763 -

To Meff" Pmvnall, Cornwall, and Cuthbert, Commissioners for examining and dating German Claims, for their Pay at £. 2 a Day each, for i82d*, from 2 iH September 1764 to lift March 1765

1.000 -

1.000 — —

227 10 —

9,410' 4 6

460-----

460-----

1,092-----

1764.

23d N

31st Dec.

1765-

4 th Fe

15th Mar. 26th 17th Jan.

6th Apr.

1764. 26th Nov.

1765.

18 th

16th May.

To Forage to the Officers of the Hospital, attending the Forces in Germany -

To Chauncey Townsend for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia,

between 6th of August and 30th of September 1764 2,041 — 6

To D®, for victualling D® between ill and 28th O6I0-ber 1764 -

To D®, for victualling D® between 29th October and

23d December 1764....

To D®, for victualling D® between 24th December 1764 and 20th January 1765 -

To D®, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Neicfoundland;viz. 8 Men for 2g7d‘ from

ift September 1763 to 23d June 1764, 200 Men for 62*" from 24th June 1764 to 24th following,

227 Men for i2id* from 25th August 1764 to 23d December following - -

To D®, for victualling 227 Men in D® from 24th December 1764 to 23d March 1765 -

1,077 2 4

1,857 4 3

490 13 4

968 1 4

468 3 9

To D®, in discharge of a Balance due to him for victualling the Settlers in Nova Scotia -

5° 3 4 —

To Mr. Woodford, for victualling 500 Men in Nova Scotia, between nth June and 30th September

1764 ....

To MelP’ Fludyer, Drummond, and Franks, Contractors for victualling the Forces in North America, to enable them to carry on their Contract, in further Advance -

i>324 10 3

12,000 -

£. s. d.

M,999 2 7

2,39° —

To

6 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

7th

24th Jan. 7th June.

22(1 May.

1764;

15th Noe.

13 th Dec.

1765. yth Jan.

14th.

J

28th.

6 th Apr.

14th Jan.

2 4*1 It*

J4II1 Jan.

1764. 13th Dec.

1765. 24th Jan.

-13th

6th Apr.

26th.

13th May. nth Feb. 13 th May.

- Vol. 30.

140 Februar ii.:

To Me AT" Cuming and Mason, Contractors for supplying the Forces in East Florida with Provisions, to complete the Sum of 3,000 in Advance, to enable them to make 6 Months Provision, and to keep the like Quantity in Store, by way of Imprest, and upon account - - - - 1*500

22,22<^ ig 9

Deduct Lord Holland's Proportion of the Vote for

victualling North America and the Ceded Islands — 15*953 8 9

To Sir George Amyaml and Nicholas Linwood, for Provisions lent by them to the Garrison of Minorca, uport account - - - - 4*500-----

To Lord Viscount Barrington, Treasurer of the Navy,

upon account of Beef sent from the Victualling Office to D° Garrison - 7,520 7 10

To John Kennion, Esquire, Contractor with the Earl of Albemarle, Commander in Chief of the Forces employed on the Expedition to the Hat 'anna, upon account for furnishing the said Forces with

Provisions -

To George Rooke, Esquire, Commandant of the Island of Dominica, in

discharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for the publiG contingent Charges of the said Island, upon account 102 6 6

To D% in discharge of D°, drawn by D* for D® Service - - -- -- - 193 — -

To Captain Blemberg, Commandant of D° Island, to , discharge Two D°, drawn by him for D® Service -. 327 7 8

To D®, in discharge of a D®, drawn- by D® for D®

Service ----- - 100 — —

To D®, in discharge of a D®, drawn by D® for D®

Service - - 150 — —

To William Cavendish, Esquire, Commandant of D®

Island, to discharge a D®, drawn by him for D®

Service - -- -- - 193 18 —

To Arthur St. George, Esquire, Commandant of D®

Island, to discharge Two Bids of Exchange, drawn

by him for D° Service ----- 456 16 —

To Richard I.egge, Esquire, Commandant of the Island of Tobago, in discharge of a Bill of Exchange drawn by him, for the public contingent Charges of that Island, upon account - 277 3 9

To D®, in discharge of a D®, drawn by D®, for D®

Service - -- -- - 147 9 —

To George John Jlen, Esquire, Governor of West Florida, in discharge of

a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for the public contingent Charges of that Government, upon account -

To Robert Fanner, Esquire, Commander of the Forces at Mobille, in discharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him, for the Use of the said Forces, upon account ----- 709 11 1

To D®, in discharge of a D®, drawn by D®, for D°

Service - 500 — —

To D®, in discharge of a D®, drawn by D®, for D®

Service - - 731 — —

To I>, in discharge of a D®, drawn by D®, for D"

Service - 2,000-----

To D®, fti discharge of a D°, drawn by D®, for D°

Service - 700-----

To D®, in discharge of a D®, drawn by D®, for D®

Service ----- 547 5 4

To Joseph Higginson, Esquire, iTieut. Governor of St. Vincent, in dif-

eharge of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him foF the contingent Charges of that Island, upon account -

To Lieut. Gen. Cornwallis, Governor of Gibraltar, in discharge of a Bill -of Exchange, drawn by him, for the Service of that Garrison, upon account - - - - .448 5. —

555

s. d-

6,276 11

12,020 7 10

10,000 — —

1,523 8 3-

424 12 9

285 14 —

5,187 5

119 16 —

To

Ji* i*]66

\; o

‘f

W r cd Aug.

30th 7<ro.

1764-

14 th

cth Dec.

i76rv jill June.

1764.

12 th &/>/.

cth Dec.

176.V 8th Af<zy.

1764. tith Ztec.

176.5.

4th ^/>r.

26th.

8th il/qy.

*cth 7%

3d May

8 th May.

18 th Mar. 12th Apr.

25th.

8th May. 7 th "June.

140 Febru

To D®, in Discharge of a D®, drawn by hint, for D® Service ——

To Major Gen. Durand, for providing Quarters, Coals, and Candles, Sic. for the Officers of the 2d Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot Guards, doing duty at the Tower -

To Captain Brifac, for providing Coals, Candles, fife, for the Infirmary and Guard-Room in Chatham Lines - - - 340 18 9

T6 D®, for providing D® in D* - - - - 739 13 10

To D®, for providing D®, for D® in D®, to 5th Apr.

1765.....920 19 4

£ *-3,228 12 5

To Joint Wemvfs, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Castle, for

furnitliing Coals and Candles to the Forces in the said Castle, from 1 ft April 1764 to 30th June following - - - 152 14 —

To D", for D® Service, to 30th September 1764 - 154 3 —

To D®, for D® Service, to 24th December 1764

149 14 —

To Philip Thickneffe, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Landguard Fort,

for furnishingCoals, Candles, fife, to the Forces quartered in the said Fort ——

To Mr. Wauchope, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles, for the Forces that now are, or may be quartered in the Barracks at

Plymouth ----- - 500-----

"to D®, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, for the Use of D® Barracks ----- 325 — 6

To T. Ball, Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of Jersey, for furnishing Coals to 7 Companies of Invalids doing Duty in the said Island in the Year 1764 ----- 37 10 6

To D®, for furnishing D® to D® in the Year 1765 - 302 10 —

To T. Bozverbank, Contractor for maintaining the Bedding, fife, be-

longing to the Office of Ordnance in the Town and Garrison of Portsmouth, for providing and repairing divers Utensils for the Use of the said Barracks, and for furnishing Coals and Candles to the Forces in the said Garrison -

To Sir Thomas Pym Hales, Lieutenant Governor of the Garrison of Dover Castle. for furnishing Coals, Candles, fife, to the Forces quartered there, from 24th June 1763 to 24th June 1764 -

To Sir John Mylne, Lieutenant Governor of G for Coals, Candles,

fife, to Companies of Invalids, in the said Island, from 10th

1763 to 10th April 1764....

To Mr. Calcraft, for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals delivered at Gibraltar, in the Months of May, August, and October, 1763 -To Mr. Gardner, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Use of the Forces in North Britain, for Charges for Encampments, and Monies issued to Officers, conformable to the Orders of Lord George Beauclerk, Commander in Chief of the Forces there -To Mr. Lejlie, Barrack Mailer General in North Britain, in full Satisfaction of the Account and Charges of Oatmeal, Firing, and Candles, Sic.furnished to the Forces quartered in several Northern Garrisons, from 25th December 1763 to 24th D 1764 - -

To Lord George Beauclerk, Commander in Chief of the Forces in North

Britain, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him, on divers Occasions, for the Good of the Service in that Part of the Kingdom -To Mr. Caulfield, Inspector of the Roads and Bridges in North

that is to say, the Sum of £. 5,530. 14 id. towards the Expences of the Roads and Bridges, to be made and built in North Britain during this present Year, and the further Sum of .2,000 to be by him paid over to Lient. Colonel Rickjbn, Deputy Quarter Master General, upon account, towards the Expences of making a Road from Carlisle to Port Patrick -

To D®, to be taken for the 33d Year’s Allowance, and to be applied by him for the Charges of surveying, repairing, and amending, the said Roads and Bridges, according to such Orders as he shall receive from the Commander ip Chief of the Forces in North Britain

£. s. d. 3.676 17 5

360 15 8

2,001 II IX

456 11 — '

149 11 2

825 — 6

340 — 6

326 4 7

282 17 3

174 4 —

1,476 — 6

1,034 1 i°

1,935 16 10 300 — —

7.530 14 8

500-----

To

6 Geo. lit

i4° Febrmrii.

Dates of Warrants.

176-,.

1 ith Fe

1764.

25th

nth Feb.

d3<I Nov.

5th De isth.

16th May,

1765. 25th Apr.

26th 1

21st Aug.

1763.

17th^Mg.

14th Dec.

1764. nth Apr,

22d June.

27th July. 6th Aug.

14th Sept.

2 2d June. Vol. 30.

To Mr. Gamier, for Medicine's arid Materials provided by him for the

Forces in England, Portugal, the East Indies, Africa, and North America, in the Years 1762 and 1763

To Nathaniel Clements, Esquire, for Levy Money for 639 Men of the 39th Regiment of Foot - -

To Bounty and Sword Money to the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of Lord Blaney’s and Colond Regiments of

Foot - - 8152 8

To D® to D4 of Colonel Rufane's D4 - - 550 15 8

To D° to D4 of the Light Troop of Sir John

daunt'sRegiment of Dragoons - - - 14 16 —

To D* to D* of Lieut. General Pidteney's D4 - - 86 10 —

To D* to D4 of Colonel Burton's D4 - 268 6 8

To D* to D* of Major General Gray'sD° - - 22 3 4

To Bounty and Sword Money to the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of Major General Col-vi/r s Regiment of Foot ..... 6 7 —

To D° to D4 of Major General Parjlow D* - - 142 13 4

To D* to D° of late Lord Malpas's D4 - - 100 7 4

To D* to D4 of Major Colin Campbell'D° - - 68 17 —

To D° to D° of Colonel Monckton's D4 - - 103 — 4

To D° to D° of Colonel Fitzroy'sD* - - - 123118

To D4 to D4 of Sir William Boothby's D4- - - 33 10 —

To D° to D° of Lieut. Colonel Grey's I)4 - - - 37 6 8

To the Marches and Quarters of Lord John Murray's Regiment of

Foot, to 18th March 1763 - , - 69 9 6

To D* of Major Alderton's D4, to 30th May 1763 - 177 14 3

To D4 of 85th Regiment of Foot, to 24th May 1763 105 — —

To D4 of Major Markham's late D°, to 10th April

1763 - 360 11 11

To I)4 of12d Battalion of Sir Harry Erskine's D4, to 24th June 1764 -

To D4 of Earl of Panmure's D4, to D4 -

To D* of 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards to 24th December 1764, and for Horses and Subfilience loft in Germany **----- To D° of Captain Nightengale's Independent Company, to 24th June 1762 ---*

To D4 of 6th Regiment of Foot, to 24th June 1765 -

To D° of ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, to 24th December 1764

487 13 5

463 19 2

132 2 11

52 16 10

i°9 .7 5

205 5 10

To replace Swords and Accoutrements of the 2d Battalion of the Cold-fireamRegiment of Foot Guards, loft In Germany during the Campaign 1762' - 796 16 9

To replace Two Horses of Major General Elliot's,

which were taken by the Enemy in Germany - 33 8 —

To Mr. Poultries, to replace 10 Horses belonging to several Officers, which were loll on Service on D4 To replace 13 Horfqs of Lieut, General Cholmoiuleley's Regiment of Dragoons, which were ffiot for the Glanders in D4 Country, in the Years 1760, 1761, 1762, and 1763 - - - *

To replace Horses and Mules of Lieut. General Laf-celles's Regiment, loft by Shipwreck on their Passage from Quebec to Ireland, Anno 1763 .

To replace 22 Horses of Lieut. General Carr's Regiment of Foot, which were killed or taken by the Enemy, during the Campaigns 1760, 1761, and 1762 -

To replace Horses and Mules of Colonel

Regiment of Foot, which were loft in Portugal,

Anno 1762.....-

To replace 6 Horses of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, which were loft in Germany in the Campaigns 1760, 1761, and 1762 - -

J54 9 —

204 9 —

618 8 —

306 18 —

78: 8 —

c93 8 —

557

C- 's- d.

4»3°4 7 4

2,000 — —

*>373 7 8

j#i4 1 S

To

558

Dates of Warrants.

1764.

14th Sept.

nth Ocl. 13d Nov.

5th Dec.

19th Dec.

19th.

*765-8th Feb.

29th Mar. 26th July. 21st Aug.

1 ith oa.

1764. nth Apr.

23d Nov. 19th Dee.

1765.

2 5th Apr.

1764,

12th Dec.

1766. 22a May.

140 Februarii.

To replace Swords, Accoutrements, of the 9th Regiment of Foot, loft at the and de-

stroyed by Fire on board the Transport,

Anno 1761 -

To replace 32 Horses belonging to the Officers of ift Regiment of Foot Guards, loft in Germany -To replace Accoutrements of the 51st Regiment of Foot, loft in D* in the Campaigns 1760, 1761, and 1762 -

To replace Horse Furniture and Accoutrements of 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, loft on their Passage from Holland, Anno 1763 -

To replace Horses of 33d Regiment of Foot, loll on Service in Germany, Annis 1760 and 1761 To replace 12 Horses of 2d Regiment of Dragooh Guards, that were killed or taken by the Enemy in Germany, during the Campaigns in 1760 and 1761 To replace 6 Horses belonging to 2d Regiment of Dragoons, and 20th Regiment of Foot, loft on Service in D*, in the Years 1759, 1760, 1761, and 1762 -

To Major General Armiger, for replacing Accoutrements of the 40th Regiment of Foot, loft, or rendered unserviceable in 1762, and for Clothing to a Corps of Light Dragoons, raised at the by Lord Albemarle's Orders - -

To Captain Clerk of the 77th Regiment, to replace Losses sustained on embarking on board a Transport at the Island of Domini, in 1761

To Lieut.'Colonel Tash, to replace Three Horses loft in Germany, Anno 1760 -

To Major General Webb, to replace Clothing of his Regiment, rendered useless while at the Havanna, and to reimburse him for Clothing delivered to the 3d Battalion of the Royal Americans -

To replace 16 Horses belonging to Lieut. Colonel Beckwith, which were Ihot for the Glanders, or taken by the Enemy during the Campaigns in Germany ....

To replace 8 Horses of the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, loft in their Passage from Ireland To replace Accoutrements of .63d Regiment of Foot, loft on Service at Guadeloupe -To replace 5 Horses of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, and 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, loft on Service, Annis 1760, 1761, and 1762 -

To replace sundry Horses and Mules belonging to 85th Regiment of Foot, loft in Porlugql

£ s. d.

662 10 10

487 12 —

692 19 6

288 17 —

63 8 —

184 9 ""

93 8 —

23* 9 4

149 18 —

48 8-

150 18 4

240 — —

I2g 8 —

56 19 —

75-----

123 8 —

To Colonel Burgoyne, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1763, 186 Horses, for 20 Weeks, of his Regiment of

Dragoons ..... 488 5 —

To D* for D*, in the Summer 1764, 186 D*, for D*

Time - -- -- - 488 5 —

To Lieut. General Mostyn, for D*, in the Summer 1763, 89 D* of ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D*, and 1 Horse for 16 Weeks - 435 14 6

To D*, for D*, in the Summer 1764, 66 D*, for 20

Weeks - - 173 5 —

To Sir John Mordaunt, for the Difference of keeping in the House, in the Summer 1764, 137 Horses of his Regiment of Dragoons for 20 Weeks - 366 3 6

To the Earl of Ancram, for D°, in D% 154 Horses of

his D* for D° Time ----- 404 5 —

To Camp Necessaries for the following Corps; viz.

3d Augmentation of ill Regiment of Foot Guards 92 3 6

Major General Ought on's Regiment of Foot - - 244 2 6

Earl of Parrmure's D* ----- *43 19 6

A. 17

I. S. d.

5-958 17

2,155 18 — Colonel

6 Geo. III.

14° Februarii.

Dates of

Warrants.

1766.

18th Sept.

1764. 20th Apr.

22(1 June.

19 th Dec.

22d J

a$d.

23d Nov.

1765. 8th May.

Colonel Monson'sD°, fumished in the Year 1761 - 334 6 3

Major W. Craufurd’s D*, fumished in the Year 1762 46 12 6

Lieut. Colonel Grey’s D° 335 2 1

To 243d* Off-reckonings of Captain Inde-

pendent Company, in order that the Off-reckonings of the said Company may not be carried further

than 24th June 1764 - - - - 19818a

To Lieut. Colonel John Campbell, in lieu of Two Months Off-reckonings of the Battalion under his Command, for the Extraordinary Expences in providing Plaids for the said Battalion - -- - 399 6 6

To make good Deficiencies of Off-reckonings offeveral

Independent Companies ----- 1,334 11 10

To make good Deficiencies of D* of several Regiments of Cavalry and Infantry, disbanded and reduced in the Year 1764.....$6,313 15 10

To i4d* Subsistence of the non-commissioned Officers and private Men of the following Militia Corps; viz.

Eastern Battalion of the Novfolk - - - 179 13 4

Colonel Thornton's Battalion of West Riding of Yorkshire -

Jtichmondshire -

Clevland and Bulmer

Huntingdonshire -

Cornwall -

llertfordshire -

ill Battalion of the Essex - - - 150 5

North Battalion of the Hampshire - - - 1872

To the Marches, Sc.' of the ill Battalion of the De vonshire Militia, to 24th December 1762 To D*, of the Pembroke/liire, to D* -

To D*, of the Breckonshire, to D* -

*5 7 142

M5

123

J95

210

150

187

14

2

12

J5

10

194 1 —

37 6

206 7 5

To 231" Pay of Sir Hugh Williams, in lieu of a Company in the late 85th Regiment of Foot, to the 10th 1761 115 10 - —

To 183d* Pay of Samuel IjeJlie, in Heu of D* in Major

General Jeffery's D°, to 24th June 1764 - - gt 10 —

To 183d* Pay of D% in lieu of D* in D°, to 24th December 1704 - - - - 9110 —

To 182* Pay of Major John Blaguire, in lieu of a Troopof Light Dragoons, to 24th June 1765 - 141 1 —

To 38* Pay of Colonel Burgoyne, as Colonel of the

16th Regiment of Dragoons, to 24th April 1763 - 37 1 — 1

To 1 i6d* Pay of Lieut. General Stanwix, as Major General of the Forces lately serving in North America, at £.2 a Day, and for his Aid de Camp at 10s. a Day, from 9th May 1760 to ill September following -

To 124'* Pay of Major Gates, as Major to the 45th Regiment of Foot, to 26th October 1764 To 238d* Pay of Major IJeathcote, as Major and Captain in the 94th Regiment of Foot, to 24th December 1760, and also in lieu of his Pay as Captain of a Company for i,o74d‘, from the 25th December 1760 to 3d December 1763 - -

To i82d’ Allowance to Hayman Hooke, as Major to 98th Regiment of Foot, to 24th June 1765 -

To 182* Allowance to Major Ackland, in lieu of a

Company, to D® -....

To 182* Allowance to Major Cliffe, in lieu of D\ io

I>....

To 27d‘ Pay of Major General Rvfar.e, and 1 Aid de Camp, to ill November 1761

290 — —

93-----

715 10

136 10 —

91-----

91-----

67 IO-----

To i82d‘Pay of Mr. Guiguer, as Commissary for the Exchange of Pri* foners of War, to 24th June 1765 - - gi — - —

To i82d* additional Allowance of D* as D’,to D* . - 91 — —

Vol.30.

559

£ d.

1,296 6 4

ga,2^ 13 4

M91 16 5.

437 8 It

1,961

2 ’

560

Dates of Warrants.

*763-25th 4

1764. 23d Nov.

*765-14th Jan.

18 th Mar.

4th Apr.

22d June.

12 th July.

26th.

x 1 th 061. 20th Dec,

140 Februarii.

To 182* Pay of Lieut. General , as Adjutant General, to D®....

182 — —

To 127" Pay of Lieut; Colonel Scott, as Lieut. Governor of the Blands of Grenada and Grenadines, from 25th March 1762,10 30th July following, exclusive To 227* Pay of D®, as D®, to 8th 1763

To 365d* Pay of Lieut. Was Fort Major at Grenada, to 24th December 1763 -

To 404'" Pay of Mr. Forbes, as Surgeon’s Mate at Bermuda, to 24th December 1764 -

To 431'" Pay of Mr. Maffey, as Surgeon at Providence, to D® -

127-----

227-----

91 5 —

70 4~ 64 16 —

To 263d’ Allowance of Colonel Defmaretz, at £.3 a Day, and ior. a Day for his Secretary, as a Reward for his Care and Trouble in inspefcting the Cunette, Forts, and Batteries, at Dunkirk, from 5 th April 1764 to 24th December 1764 -

To 365^* Pay of Lieut. Colonel John Campbell, as Commander of the Bland of Jersey, from 25th December 1762 (the Time from which the Pay of the said Commander is discontinued on the Establishment) to 24th December 1763, both inclusive To 541d* Pay of James Napier, Esquire, at £.2 a Day, as Inspector General of the Regimental Infirmaries, and Chief Director of the Hospitals for the Use of the Forces in North America, from 31st December 1762 to 24th June 1764, both inclusive To Colonel Ligonier, for his Pay as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, from ziU April 1763 to 16th December following, both inclusive -To 366d* Pay of the Two Assistants of Lieut. Colonel Morrison, as Quarter Mailer General of the Forces, to 24th December 1764, at a Day each To 373a* Pay of 8 Surgeons Mate&attending the 66th Regiment of Foot in Jamaica, from 17th June 1764 to 24th June 1765 -

To the Pay of 7 D®, attending the 36th Regiment of Foot, in D®, to D®

To the Pay of Mr. John Howell, late Surgeon to the Hospitals in Germany and Portugal, between 25th December 1761 and 14th May 1763 -

926 10 —

300-----

-1,082 ——

131 10 —

1S3-----

522 4 —

247-----

273 -

To the Pay of the Supernumerary Men of the following Corps, reduced anddisbanded in the Year 1763, from 25th April 1763, inclusive, to the Times hereafter mentioned,

3d* of ill Regiment of Dragoon Guards, to 27th

April 1763, at £.g. -js. 6d.a Day

64* of Argyll's Dragoons, to 30th April, at D®

Rate -

7* of the Earl of Albemarle's D®, to ill May, at

D* Rate.....-

1 Day of Earl of Ancram's D®, 25th April, at D® Rate -

34<,‘ of Colonel Burgoyne's D®, to 28 th May, at

/45. 1 is.6d. a Day

i Pa

To the Pay of the Supernumerary Men of the following Corps, reduced and disbanded in the Year 1763, from 25th April 1763 to the Times hereafter mentioned; viz.

244"" of Sir Harry Erskine's Regiment of Foot, to 24th December, at £.13. 3 s.id. a Day - - i

xo84' of Sir Jeffery Amherst's D*,to 10th August 1763,

at £.10. 17 s.a Day -

i67d* of Colonel Craufurd's D®, to 8th at

£.19. 6f. a Day -

8d* of Lieut. General Kingsley's D®, to 2d May, at D® Rate -

2d* of Lord George Lennox's D®, to 26th April, at D® Rate ——

8d* of Lieut. General Leighton's D®, to 2d May, at D* Rate.....-

28 2 6

56 5 —

65 12 6

9 7 6

55i 5 —

3,210 12 8

1,171 16 — 3,223 2 —

154 8 —

38 12 — 154 8 —

A. 17

£ * rf-

4.603 19 —

To

6 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

Vox,. 30.

140 Februariu '

/ 9* of Lieut. General DuroureD®, to 12th at

/. 20. ig. 6. a Day -

79"* of Sir William Boothby'sD*, toD®, at D®Rate

Si)11* of Lieut. General Whitmore's D®, to 19th July, at D° Rate - -

8bd* of Lord Frederick Caven D% to D®, at D® Rate -

i S7rt‘ of General Guise's D®, to 28th 1763,

at /. 10. 16. 6. a Day -i8od* of Lieut. General Pulteney's D*, to 21st October, at D° Rate -

187d* of Lord Robert Bertie's D®, to 28th

17G3, at £.10. 17.6. a Day - -

196'" of Major General MonckD®, to 6th November 1763, at £.9. 1. 4. a Day - -

108" of Lieut. General WarbD®, to loth Au~ gujl 1763, at D® Rate -

ic8d‘of Major General Toicnfhends D®, to D®, at D® Rate ——

10S'1* of Lieut. General Noel’s D®, to D®, at D® Rate -io8d‘ of Lieut. General James Murray’s D®, to D°, at D® Kate -

243d* of Major General Talbott’s D®, to 23d December,

at D®....

S6d’ of Major General Gage’s D®, to 19th July 1763, at £. 14. 14. 8. a Day -'86‘'* of General Otic ay’s D®, at D® Kate -io8<,‘ of Major General Ann iter's D®. to 10th

1763, at D® Rate -

i22i‘ of Lieut. General Abercrombie’s D®, to 24th August, at D® Rate -

144"* of Major General Bose D®, to 15th September, at D® Rate -

122*1* of ill Battalion of the Royal Americans, to 24th August, at D® Rate -

122"* of 2d D®, to D®, at D® Rate - -

183d* of 2d Battalion of Lord John Murray’s D®, to 24th October, at £.14. 15. 8. a Day -

153d’ of Major General Stamvix's D®, to 24th September, at /.20. 7. to a Day - -

103d* of Colonel Toovey’sD®, to 5th at

/. 18. 6. 8. a Day -

6gd' of Major General Parjlow’s D®, to 2d July, at £. 18. 6. 8. a Day -

i()7i* of Sir D. Cumingham's D®, to 8th at

D® Rate -

167^® of Colonel Lambert's D®, to D®, at £.27. 1. 8. a Day -

gicl Pay of Four Independent Companies at New York, to 24th July 1763, at/. 19. 11. 4. a Day -20 6"* D® of 1 D® at Bermuda, to 16th November, at /. 2. 18. 6. a Day -

178°’ D® of 1 D® at Providence, to 19th October, at /.6. 15. 2. a Day -

244"" D® of 3 D" at South Carolina, to 24th December, at /. 16. 1. 6. a Day -24 4d* D® of Captain Hopkins’s Independent Company, to D®, at £.5. 5. 8. a Day -119ds D® of Major Goreham's Corps of Rangers, to 21st August, at £. 13. 16. 4. a Day -

69* D® of the Karl of Sutherland's Battalion of Highlanders, from 25th December 1762 to 3d March 1763, both inclusive, at /. 49. 10. 8. a Day 62d‘ D® of the Fencible Men of from D®

to 24th February, at £.49. 5. 8. a Day

c s. d.

1.657 — 6

L657 — 6

1,803 *7 —

1,803 l7 —

2,024 5 6

1,948 TO —

2.033 12 6

*>777 I 4

979 4 —

979 4 —

979 4 -

979 4 —

2,203 4 —

1,267 1 4

1,267 1 4

I.59I 4 —

1.797 9 4

2,121 12 —

1.797 9 4

*>797 9 4

2,705 7 —

3>IX9 18 6

1,888 6 8

1,265 — —

3,061 13 4

4,522 18 4

1,780 11 4

602 11 —

2,202 *9 8

3>9*2 6 —

1,289 2 8

1,644 3 8

3.417 16 —

3,55 11 4

To the Pay of Ma jor General Toovey's Regiment of Foot, according to the British F.ilablHhment, for 366'*, from 25th December 1763 to

24th December 1764, both inclusive - 8,652 17 —

Paid by Ireland for the same Time - 7,837 19 10

Difference ——

Ma jor General Parflmo’s Regiment the same -

Sir Dd. Cunyngham's the fame

L s. d-

n,6o6 1 i

8x4 17 2 814 17 a 814 17 2

Colonel

.! if

5 6i

14° Febru

Dates of Warrants.

1765. 30th Dec.

£ J <= nxx a* t (2 2

*c t: S *|o

1764-

6 th

20th

18th May. 2 2d June.

Colonel Lambert's Regiment, according to the Establishment,

for the same Time.....£.8,689 9 — ‘

Paid by Ireland for the same Time - 7,794 12 10

Difference ——

Major General Strode's Regiment, according to the British Establishment, for24id*,from28th.<4/>r?7t024thZ)(?cm£eri764 7,071 6 10

Paid by Ireland for the same Time - - - 5,119 2 2

Difference ——

To 366d* Pay of Major General Gat Jell's Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1763 to 24th Decem 1764, both inclusive, at £. 38. 8. 2. a Day - - - - 14,057 9 —

Dedud on Account of Non-Effedives ... 823 10 —

To 94'" Pay of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1764 to 28th March 1765, both inclusive, at D° - - - 3,610 7 8

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives - - - 81716 —

To 347d‘ Pay of Colonel Wilmott'sRegiment of Foot, from 25th December 1763 to 5th December 1764, both inclusive, at £. 27.9. 10.

a Day.....9,539 12 2

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives ... 1,804 8 —

To 59d* Pay of the 3d Battalion of the Royal American Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1763 to 21st 1764, both inclusive, at £.44. x. 6. a Day - 2,600 8 6

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives - - - 914 10 —

To 84'" Pay of 3 Independent Companies at South Carolina, from D® to 17th March 1764, both inclusive, at £. 16. 1. 6. a Day -To 366* Pay of Colonel Draper's Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1763 to 24th December 1764, both inclusive, at £.48. 4. 8. a Day - - 17,653 8 —

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives ... 1,555 10 —

To 366* Pay of Colonel Coote's D®, from D° to D®, at £.52. 7. 10. a Day - - - - 19,175 7 —

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives ... 5,956 13 —

To 366"*’ Pay of Colonel Morris's D®, from D® to D°, at £.39. 14. 10.

a Day - - 14,545 9 —

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives - 2,854 16 —

To 366"" Pay of Colonel Monson's D®, from D® to D®, at£. 51. o. 10. a Day ----- 18,681 5 —

Dedud on Account of Non Effedives ... 5,508 6 -

To the Pay of Two Companies of Invalids of 71st Regiment, from 25th December 1764 to 15th and 24th February 1765 -

To 121*1' Pay of Additional to Lieut. General s (now Brude-

nell's) Regiment of Foot, from 26th August 1764 to 24th following, both inclusive, at £. 1. 13. 6. a Day - 202 13 6

To 274'" Pay of Additional^ to Lieut. General Noel’s

D®, from 26th March 1764 to D®, at D® Rate - 458 19 -

To 19 id* Pay of Lord Adam Gordon's D®, from 17th

June 1764 to D®, at £.29.6.10. a Day - - 5,604 5 2

To 2064* Pay of Major General LaD®, from 2d June 1764 to D®, at D® Rate - 6,044 7 8

To 202d* Pay of Major General Trapaud's D®, from

6th June 1764 to D®, at D® Rate ... 5,927 — 4

To Lord Tyrawley, for fubfiiling several Men of the Regiment of Foot Guards, from 26th March 1763 (the Day on which the said Regiment was reduced) to the Time they were dismissed the Service - -- -- - 308 19 5

To Colonel Barre, late Adjutant General, for the like

Sum expended by him for the Service of the Army - 263-----

To Captain John Campbell, for providing 300 Canteens, for the Forces ordered from Martinico to the Havanna - - 66149

To Colonel Scott, being the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of the late 108th Regiment of Foot under his Command, for 24*", from 6th to 29th May 1762, both inclusive - 121 — 11

A. 17 6

£. s. d.

894 16 4

I, 952 4 8

13>233 *9 — 2,792 11 8

7>735 4 2

1,685 18 6 i,35° 6 —

16,097 18 — i3>2lS x4 —

II, 690 13, — -13,172 19 —

165 10

18,237 5

Ta

6 Geo. III. 140 Februarii,

Dates of Warrant*.

1764. 14th Sept.

12 th.

12 th Oct.

31st Oct.

23d Nov.

12 th Dec. 12th 061,

1765.

17 th July.

1764.

31st

23d Nov. 3d Dec.

5th.

12 th;

19th.

VOL. 30.

To Colonel Scott, to reimburse him the like Sum, paid, by him for Subsistence of sundry Men which were drafted from the Regiment of Foot, late under his Command, to recruit the Forces in Germany, and for Clothing provided by him for the Recruits that were raised to complete the said Regiment, in lieu of the Men so drafted -

To Lieut. Munro, for the Lodes he sustained by the blowing up the Magazine at Goree To Captain Dunbar, to be by him paid over to several Officers, for conducting Drafts to the Army in Germany -

To Mr. Cox, to be by him paid over to the Officers of the late 99th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Lodging Money during the Time the said Regiment did Duty in the Island of Guernsey -To Mr. Calcraft, for the contingent Disbursements of the Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids, from 25th December 1761 to 24th 1762 -

To Lieut. Colonel Morris, for an Allowance of Bas, Baggage, and Forage Money, to a Detachment from the late 89th Regiment of Foot, under his Command, ordered upon an Expedition intended against the French Idands in the Fajt Indies, in the Year 1761 -

To Lieut. Colonel Morrison, for the like Sum expended by him in travelling, SY. as Quarter Mader General, from 25th September 1762 to 25th September 1764 -

To Lord Ligonier, for subsisting several Men belonging to id Regiment of Foot Guards, from the Days of their being discharged, in consequence of the Reduction of the said Regiment, to the respective Periods of their being admitted to the Out Pendon of Chelsea Hospital To D*, for providing the Drum Major and Hautbois of D* Regiment with Clothing for 2 Years, from March 1763 to March 1765 -

To Mr. Williams, Quarter Master to the id Regiment of Foot Guards, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him on Account of the said - Regiment, from 25th December 1762 to 24th

1763....

To D°, for the like Sum expended by him on Account of D* Regiment, from 25th December 1763 to 24th December 1764

To Lieut. General Thomas Murray, to enable him to replace the Lodes fudained by the 46th Regiment of Foot, under his Command, in the Wreck of the Masquerade Transport on the Idand of Cuba To Lieut. Scott, of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, in full for 270 Ducats of the Regiment’s Money lod; by him on the Retreat of the Allied Army out of Hejfe, in March 1761 To Captain Bury, of the 86th Regiment of Foot, Commandant of Senegal, for sundry Presents made to the Princes of that Country by him, between gth July 1763, and ift Novnnber following To Med’" Amy and, Linwood, and Tierney, in fullof the Charges they have been at for Corn delivered at Lisbon, for the Use of the Troops in Portugal To Mr. Meyrick, to be by him paid over.to several Subaltern Officers, for conducing Draughts from Great Britain to Guadaloupe, in the Year 1760 -

To Lieutenant Seavers and Ensign M(Gillivray, of the 100th Regiment of Foot, for D* Service, in the Year 1761

To Captain Brown, to be by him paid over to several Officers, for conducting- Drafts from Great Bri-

£. s. d.

473 10 9 69 5

66 15 —

237 4 6

669 6 11

270 — — -77 *4 —

439 4 — 344 9 —

448 11 8

329 4 6

289 16 1

131 17 —

189 1 3

32 *3 4

228 5 —

43 10 —

563

£. s. d.

tain.

Digi d b

5^4

Dites of Warrants.

1764.

7th

Stli J

17th.

28th.

i Slh 28 th

15th Mar.

18th.

29th.

25th Apr.

a6th Apr. 8th May.

21 ft June.

140 Februariu

lain, to recruit the Forces in the East Indies, in the

Year 1762 - - - - jC-577 3 1 1

Voted on Account of this Service, in

Account of Extraordinaries 1763 - 500----- ,

----- 77 3 1

To William Young, Esquire, being the Balance of his

Account, as Director of the Hospital in Portugal, to 10th August 1763 -

To Lieut. Colonel Hardyt, for Expences incurred by him in hiring Barracks and providing Water, for the Use of the 65th Regiment of Foot, during the Time it continued in the Island of Antigua -To Colonel Dcfmaretz, the Commissary at Dunkirk,

for his contingent Expences, from January 1764 to 25th December following -

To the Representatives of the late Colonel John Crau-surd, to discharge a Debt incurred by him, in raising a Regiment with the greatest Expedition, and to eale his Family from the Load of the said Debt To Captain Bunbury, to enable him to satisfy the Owners of a Long Boat, employed in transporting a Detachment of the late 87th Regiment of Foot, over the Bar, near the Island of Senegal, which was loft together with the Slaves employed in navigating the said Vessel - -

To John Vardy, Surveyor of the Ilorfe Guards, to be by him paid over to several Artificers, in full Satisfaction for Work done by them in Repairs at the Tilt Yard, Somerset House, St. James's, Whitehall, Kensington, and Hampton Court, in the Year 1764 To C. Shrieff',late a Lieutenant in the 45th Regiment of Foot, for the Expences of his Passage from North America -

To Mr. Macrabie, for providing Bedding and Barrack Furniture, for the Use of the 68th Regiment at Antigua ——

To Mr. Cleaver, to reimburse him the Expences he has been at for Freight and Insurance in fending Clothing to the Invalids, doing Duty at sundry Garrisons -

To Samuel Lee, Surgeon, in consideration of his having received and admitted into his Hospital, such ruptured Soldiers of the Army, as have been afflicted with that Disorder in the Year 1764 -

To Captain Jennings, for his Expences in attempting to recover Arms, Sic. of the Troop to which he belonged, during the Shipwreck on his Return from Germany, Anno 1763 -To Mr. Calcraft, to reimburse him his Expences incurred by a Fire at Gibraltar in April 1764 To Captain Haldane, of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, to enable him to liitisfy and discharge Bills drawn by him for Clothing and Half-mounting provided by him for the said Regiment, together with the Charges for Exchange and Re-exchauge -To Mr. Calcraft, Agent to Lieut. General Shirley's late Regiment, to enable him to discharge the Arrears due to the Commanding Officers of that Regiment, from 25th December 1754 to 24th cember 17*-, 6 -

To Mr. Hoddinelt, Quarter Matter to the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards, for the like Sum expended by him on Account of the said Regiment, from 25th December 1763 to 24th December 1764 -To the Earl of Rothes, for providing the Drum Majors and Hautbois, of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards under his Command, with Clothing for Two Years, from March 1765 to March 1767 -

To Lord Adam Gordon, to reimburse him the Expence of repairing Arms, buying intrenching Tools, and transporting Detaclunents of the 66th Regiment of

*95 2 9

73 8 —

55 1 8

672 — —

190 -

997 11 8 26 5 —

533 1 7

270 1 3

5°o-----

88 1 7

261 2 1

589 4 1

1,100-----

273 10 —

369 2 7

A. 17 66,

Foot

6 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1765.

5th July. 12th.

41I1 Feb. <JOtll July.

stii o

51ft.

1 ith.

noth

25th Apr.

1764.

23d N

Vol. 30.

III.

140 Febrm

Foot under his Command, ordered from Jamaica upon an Expedition the 10th December 1764 -To Mr. DavidJ'on, for the contingent Disbursements of 4th Division of Independent Companies to 24th -cember 1761 -

To Lieut. Colonel Tonyn, for providing Buff Accoutrements, and Waistcoats, for the Six Independent Companies, incorporated into the late 104th Regiment of Foot, under his Command -To Ma jor General Harvey, for Clerks, Stationery Ware, Portage, and other contingent Expences as Adjutant General of the Forces, from 7th December 1763 to 31st December 1764 -

To Mr. Rogers, Agent for the Captors at Goree, for a Sloop, Launch, and Long Boat, left by them for the Use of the Garrison -To Mr. Jones, for a Balance dne to him for remitting Money to Gibraltar for the Use of the Troops there, and in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Claims and Demands, for Commission or other Charges whatsoever, for, or upon the Monies so remitted by him -

To Mr. Oldham, for 180 Setts of Buff Accoutrements for the Augmentation to Lieut. General Regiment of Foot -

To John Campbell, Esquire, to pay sundry Bills, and for Provisions for the Use of the Detachments from the Forces in South Carolina, from 28th May 1764 to 27th May 1765 - -

To Ensign Sharpe, for Necessaries for the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, to 24th December 1763 To Major Rainsford, for D8, for the Foot Guards in

the Tower, to Michaelmas 1765 -

To Major General Gage, for his Pay as a Major General in North America, at £. 2 a Day, and for his Aid de Camp at 10 s.a Day, for 327"*, to 15th November

1764 ....

To Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector General of the Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon him, for the Pay of divers extraordinary Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Blands, for whom there is no Provision upon the Establishment, and to defray divers other incidental Charges -

To Mr. Fijlier, for the contingent Disbursements of the 8th Regiment of Foot, to 24th 1764

£. s. d. 92 8 3

147 16 6

684 14 —

395 ~ 9 31 10 —

172 11 2

129 8 —

366 8 2

239 4 5 8i 18 —

817 10 —

5°° —

109 4 3

To a Deficiency of the Vote for Colonel Regiment of Dragoons, Anno 1763 ----- 237 18 —

To a Deficiency of D8, for Major General Regiment of Foot, in D° Year ----- 556 18 3

To a Deficiency of D8, for Major General s

D°, in D8 Year ----- 556 18 3

To a Deficiency of D8, for Sir Dd. D8,

in D° Year ----- - 536 18 3

To a Deficiency of D8, for Major General Lambert's

D8, in D8 Year ----- 543 — 8

Total -

Towards which may be applied a Surplus arising by Vote to 24th April 1763, of the following Regiments;

60'" Pay of the reduced Numbers of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

49

D8

of D° of Lieut. General Dejean's Horse -ho'" D* of D° of Lieut. General Honey wood's D8 -77" D8 of D8 of ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards 60" D8 of D8 of 2d Regiment of I)8 -64" I)8 of D° of 3d Regiment of D° -

of D8 of Lieut. General Conway's Dragoons -of D8 of Duke of Argyll'sD8 -

of D8 of Earl of Albemarle's D8

7 E

D8

C-"

bt

D

39

86"

D8

M13

1,628

2,042

1.515

G325

M7°

G37*

908

2.712

18 6

11 7

*3 —

*9 —

x7 4

7 9

16

13 10

56 5

£. s. d.

0

15,038 11 it

2,45! l3 5 339,110 19 —

82*

5<S6

Dares of Warrants.

14° Februarii.

A. 17

81"* D* of D° of Sir Robert Rich'sD* - . -

38"" D® of D® of Lieut. General D°

33'1’ Pay of the reduced Numbers of Lieut. General Mojhpis Regiment of Dragoons -33d' D® of D® of Sir John Mor daunt'& D® -

34i* D* of D® of Earl of Alterant's D®

34h* D® of I)® of Lieut. General s D*

6'/* D® of I)" of Lord A her dour's D* -

6odl D® of D® of Colonel Hale's Dd -

34d' D® of D® of ill Regiment of Foot Guards 3od* D® of D® of 2d Regiment of D* - -'

32d* D* of D" oi‘ 3d Regiment of D® -

20d* D* of D® of Lieut. General Hodgson's Foot 24d* D® of D® of Major General Barrington's D°

2 7d* D® of D® of Lieut. General Rockland’s D® -2od* D* of D® of Lieut. General Napier’s D®

2od' D® of D® of Lieut. General Jefferye's I)®

16®* P® of D® of Lord George Beau clerk's D® - -

11*' D® of D® of Earl of Panmure's D® -6d* D* of D® of Lieut. General George D’

12d* D# of D® of Lieut. General s D®

' 4d* D* of D* of Earl of Loudoun's D*

I4d‘ D® of D° of Major General Ottghton’s D® -

22d* D® of D® of Lord Robert Manners's D" - -

37d* D® of D® of Lord John Murray's D® - -

D® of D® of Lieut. General D®

iid’ D® of D* of Lieut. General Carr’s D®

D* of D® of Lieut. General Robert Anjfruther’s D® i5d* D® of D® of Lord Adam Gordon's D® - 1

15®* D® of D® of Major General Trapaud’s D®-4d* D® of D® of Major General Irwin's D®

24od‘ D® of D® of Colonel Draper’s D® - -

37®* D*^of D® of Colonel Grant's D®

And towards which may be applied the-following Savings arising in the Years 1764 and 1765;

183d' Pay of the reduced Numbers of Lieut. General Duroure’s (now Major General Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1764 to 24th December following, both inclusive, at 14 a Day 12 id* D® of D® of Lieut. General Leighton's D®, from 26th Augnjt 1764 to D®, at 1. 13. 6. a Day

274d‘ D® of D® of the 36th, Lord Robert Manners's D®, from 26th March 1764 to D®, at D° Rate 19 id* full Pay of 49th, Major General Grceme's D®, from I7th7«»e 1764 to D", at £.29. 14. 10. a Day, ordered to Ireland -

2o6d* D® of 38th, Major General from 2d

June 1764 to D®, at 2g.»6. io. a Day, ordered to D" -

202®’ D® of 63d, Major General s (now Colo-

nel Hot ham' s)D®, from 6th June 1764 to D®, at £.30. o. 10. a Day, ordered to D®

6id‘ Fay of the reduced Numbers of the 31st, Major General Oughton's, from 25th April 1765 to 24th June following, both inclusive, at /. 1. 13. 6. a

Day....

6id* Pay of D® of 2rft, Earl of Panmure's D®, from D® to D®, at D® Rate - -

£ s. A

2,926 8 2

1,117 *7 2

i,t 11 5 1

983 U —

784 11 10

1,430 2 —

7o9 8 4

2,302 5 —

1,879 I5 5

1,056 6 4

1,116 1 2

4*3 4

338 8 —

382 14 6

280 — —

33i 10 —

214 8 —

I7t. — -r

16 2 — -

1G4 14 —

2 * —

218 8 — -

3°3 1 —

952 8 10

4>43° 11 2

244 — 4

1,096 16 8

308 7 6

3i5 2 6

66 10 8

998 — —

588 12 2

128 2 —

202 13 6

458 *9

5,680 13 2

6,044 7 8

6,068 8 4

102 3 6

102 3 6

s. d.

60,638 2 it)

Remains to be provided for

£. 278,472 16 2

War Office,

14th February 1766.

Barrington.

An

6 Geo. III.

I40 Febritaru.

567

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Charles Townshend, Pnytnafter General of Mis Majesty’s Forces, to the 24th of January 1 766, and not provided for by Parliament*

Dates of Warrants.

1 7(i5; July 16.

jlvgr. t$. Augt. 6.

*7*

Sept- 30.

Nov. 15.

July 10.

Sept. 13.

23-7«(y 10.

Oc7. 7.

VOL. 30.

To MefP* Fludyer, Drummond, and Franks, for Provisions delivered into

t he Store Monies at Carlisle and Fort Loudoun, between the 7th and

9th of August 1764.....iC- 5>935 *7 8

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Gar- rifon of Montreal, between the 2d of October 1764 and the 28th of January 1765 - - - - 969 15 10

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Quebec, between the 4th o f October 1764 and the 26th of No following,

to the Forces in the said Garrison and its Environs - 930 12 4

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces within the Garrison of Quebec, between the 2d'of December 1764 and the 23th of February 1765 - 1,399 5 9

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the City of New York, between the 12th of November T 764 and the

a,iflof Murch 1765, and also to the and Captives 414, 3 4

To Meff" Fludyer, Drummond, and Franks, for Provisions for the Forces within the Provinces of New York and South Carolina, betw een the rft of April 1765 and the 5th of Jam following, both inclusive - - 2,798 — 9

To Ditto, for Provisions iffned to the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal and their Environs, between the 24th of February 1765 and the 25th of April following - - 1,17512 10

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Garrison in the Town Trois Rivieres, and the several Polls depending thereon, between the 26th of May 1765 and the gth of June following ----- 2,603 11 —

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces within the Garrison of Quebec and its Environs, between the 24th of April 1765 and the 25th of June following

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered at Montreal, for the Forces in several Forts in the Upper Country -To Dittos for Provisions delivered for the Use of the

Forces at Crown Point and Ticonderoga

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at New York, between the 6th of June 1765 and the 22d of September following -

To Ditto, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Quebec and its Environs, between the 25th of June 1765 and the 25th of Augujlfollowing -

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for victualling the Forces in the Island of Dominica, between the ill of September 1764 and the 31st of December following -To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in the Island of St.

Vincent, between the ift of September 1764 and the 31st of December following -To Ditto, for victualling 200 Men of the 62d Regiment of Foot in the Island of Tobago, from the 25th of December 1764 to the 31st of the same Month - - 27 18 1

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in the Island of Granada and the Granadines, from the ift of 1765

to the 3 ill of March following, and for victualling the Forces in the Island of St. Vincent, from the ift of January 1765 to the 30th of June following, and for Provisions loll going from Oujiagumn) to Calliaqua - - 2,941 17 1

To Ditto, for victualling the Forces at Dominica, from the

1 ft. of January 1765 to the 30th of June following - 854 6 -6

To MeO" Major &nd Hcniukcr, for victualling the Forces

at JVe/l'Florida- - - - 632 17 6

To Melt* Gumming and Mason, for victualling the Forces

in East Florida, and in the Garrison at St. Augustine, from

1,002 5 4

- ro,93i 18 5

2,160 6 1

1,656 7 8

1,833 13 xi

543 *5 11

410 13

C

the

568

Date* of Warrants.

1765-

Sept. 13.

July 4-

10.

June

14® Ftbru

Augt. 17. Oc7. 7.

the 24th of December 1764 to the qth of June 1765* as also for Provisions ifl'ued to the Out Ports of that Garrison, for the same Time -To MefiT" Major and Henniker, for victualling the Forces

at. West, Florida -To Matthew Woodford, Esquire, for victualling the Forccs

in the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal and be-

tween the ill of October 1764 and the 20th of 1765, both inclusive -

T o Ditto, for victualling the said Forces there, between the 2 ill of January 1765 and the 17th of March following To Chavncey ToionJ'end, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 21 It of January 1765 and the 14th of April following, both inclusive -To Ditto, for victualling the Troops in

viz. 227 Men, from the 24th of March 1765 to the 23d of June following, both inclusive -To Ditto, for victualling the Forces in Nova Scotia, from the 15th of April 1765 to the 9th of June following, both inclusive -

To Ditto, for victualling the said Forces, from the 10th of June 1765 to the 4th of August following, both inclusive -

To Ditto, for victualling 227 Men in Newfoundland', from the 24 th of June 1765 to the 23d of September following, both inclusive -

s.

d.

884 13 2

2,293- 7 6

1.130 15 6

477.18 1

1,635 19

4J8 11 to

- 1,140 10 4

1.131 11 4

478 li 10

48,874 18 7

Voted on Account of victualling the Forces in North America

and the Ceded Islands ----- -16,041

1 ioi

oa. 18.

Dec. 27.

oa. 7. July 8.

June 28.

Augt. 2.

Sept. 10.

30-Dec. 6.

1766. Janry. 9.

1765. June 14.

Augt. 2. Dec. 6.

June 28.

Augt. 2. Sept. 10.

To Sir George Amyandand Nicholas Linwood, Esquire, for Provisions

sent by them for the supplying the Forces in the Garrison of Minorca - ... - - - - 3,500 -

To Ditto, for Provisions sent by them for the said Forces

in the said Garrison ----- 2,500-----

To John Kennion, Esquire, upon his ContraCi for furnishing Provisions to the Forces at the Ilavauna -

To Sir William Baker, Christopher Kilby, and Richard Baker, in full Satis-

faction and Discharge of a Balance due to them on their late Contract, for victualling the Army in North America -

To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Major General Gage, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, on Account of the Public Service carrying on there - - - 200-----

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D# Service - 2,603 14 1

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D* Service - 2,215 19

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D° Service - 1,301 8

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 8,675 9

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 4,755 15

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 2,129 15

7

8

30-Oft. 5.

To satisfy sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by Governor , for

Payment of Public Contingent Charges of the Itland of Granada and the Granadines - - - - 2,000-----

To satisfy Two Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 800-----

To satisfy a Bill, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 800-----

To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Ma jor Farmer, Commandant of the Forces at Mobille, and that Part of Lou if ana, ceded to the Crown of Great Britain by the late Definitive Treaty, for the Use and Service of the said Troops - - - - 731 3 2

To satisfy Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - - 1,555 1 —

To satisfy sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by Major Farmer, Commandant of the Forces at Mobille, and that Part of Louifana, ceded to the Crown of Great Britain by the late Definitive Treaty, for the Use of said Troops - 841177

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 863 6 8

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 734 — 6£

A. 1766.

£ s-

32,833 16 8

6,000-----

10,000-----

426 12 —

21,882 2 -

3,600 -

To

6 Geo. III.

14’ Februarit.

Dates of Warrants.

1765-

Dec. 6.

1766.

Janrxj. 9.

1765. Augt. 2.

Septr. 30.

Deer. 6. 1766. Janry. 9.

1765.

Sept. 30.

Dec. 6.

1766. Janry. 9.

«765-30.

1766. 7anry. 9.

'765*

Xtec. 6. 1766.

9.

1765. July 30.

Sept. 30.

June 15.

1(5.

>/j/ 4. 17.

&/>/. 23.

3°-

Oct. 24. VoL. 30.

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D*, for D* Service To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D% for D* Service

d.

to

C *.

I.»7®4 H. 2,205 2 5.

ort, Go-

To satisfy sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by George Johnson vernor of the Colony of West. Florida, for Payment of public Contingent Charges -

To satisfy a Bill, drawn by D% for D* Service -

To satisfy a Bill, drawn by D", for D° Service To satisfy a Bill, drawn by D", for D° Service

To satisfy Two Bills, drawn by D% for D* Service

400 — — 29 — — . 1,811 17 1°^ 100 —

20O — —

To satisfy sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by Governor Murray, for public Services - - - - 435 — —

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D* Service - 2,891 19 8

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D® Service

1,500 —

To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Major General Burton, for public Services ----- 3,000 — —

To satisfy sundry Bills, drawn by D®, for D* Services 1,800 — —

To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Mqjor Walters, Deputy Governor of Louijbourg, Cape Breton, and St. John’s, for public'Services

To satisfy Two Bills of Exchange, drawn by Major for

Public Services - -

To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by William Henry Lyttelton, Esquire, Governor of thellland of Jamaica, for the Service of the Mu/quitoShore To satisfy a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Governor Cornwallis, for Monies expended in the Service of the Garrison of Gibraltar -To Mr. Guest, for his Attendance on the Commissioners of the Treasury, and on the late Commissioners for inquiring into German Affkirs, upon Business referred to the Consideration of the last mentioned Commissioners - - - 100 — —

To Mr. Leach, being the Balance of an Account for Pay due to him while he acted as a Deputy Commissary in Germany - - - - 564 — —

To Lieut. Colonel Faucitt, for Q2d* Allowance,

Day, asCommissary for colleCxing together and keep-ing in safe Custody at Hanover, all the Vouchers on which the Commissaries In Germany granted Certificates for Money during thelate War, for and from the 6thof3/arcA 1765,toand for the 5th of following 460 — —

To Mr. West, Secretary to the Commissioners for examining the Foreign Accounts oft lie late War in Germany, to be by him applied to the Payment of the Clerks, and other contingent Sixpences incurred in their Office 1,000 —

To Mr. Fuhr, for 244^ Allowance, at £.3 a Day, as a Commissary to the late’Combined Army in Germany, from the ift of November 1762 to the 2d of July 1763, both inclusive ----- 73a

To Mr. iVeft, Secretary to the Commissioners for examining the Foreign Accounts of the late War in G ermany, for Salaries of Clerks, and other contingent Expences incurred in their Office - - 2,000 — —

To MefP* Pownall, Cornwall, and Cuthbert, for 183

Allowance as Commissaries appointed for-Aating the Debts for Extraordinaries incurred during the late War in Germany ----- 1,098 —

To Lieut. Colonel Faucitt, for 92* Allowance, at £.§ a Day, as Commissary in Germany to the 5th of September 1765 *----- 460 —

To Mr. West, as Secretary to the Commissioners for examining the Foreign Accounts of the late War in

7 F

- 't. d.

8,69^ £ 2|

4,540 17 io|

4,846 19 8

4,800 —

534 3*

210. €

47 5 4 564 16 —

Germain/,

57°

Dales of Warrants.

'7*5-

Nov. 15.

Dec. 18.

June zi.'

June ti.

July it.

16.

0<S. 1 r.

Nov. 15.

Nov. 21.

14® Februarii.

Germany, for 183" Pay, from the 19th of April 1765 to the 18th of Octoberfollowing -

To Edward Fuhi’, Executor to John Philip in

discharge of a Warrant, granted by Colonel -son upon the late Deputy Paymaster in Germany, for travelling Expences of the said John Philip Fuhr To Mr. West, as Secretary to the Commissioners for examining the Foreign Accounts of the late War in Germany, for Salaries of Clerks, and other Contingent Expences incurred in their Office

£. s. d. 228 15 —

100 —

r,oooo — —

To sundry Officers of the late 87th Regiment of Foot, in order to enable them to replace several Horses which were loft by them, or died on Service during the Campaigns in Germany, in the Years 1761 and 1762 To Lieutenant Scroope Egerton and Captain Adcane

of the 5th and 67 th Regiments of Foot, for Three Horses and One Mule, which were loft in the Cam-<paign in Germany and Portugal -

To Colonel Burgoyne, to replace Eleven Horses and Three Mules, belonging to the Officers of the Regiment of Dragoons under his Command, loft on Service in Portugal -

To Lieutenant Mortimer Obrien, and other Officers of the late 86th Regiment of Foot, in Consideration of the Losses they sustained by the blowing up of the Magazine at Gore.r -

To Lieutenant Augtis M‘Neill, for Losses sustained by biowingupthe Magazine of Fort Aiigufta in Jamaica To Lieut. General Anstruther, to enable him to replace the Loss sustained by 8 Companies of his Regiment, when taken Prisoners by the French in July 1762, in their Passage from Neto York to the Havannah

To Major General Owen, for providing Buff Accoutrements for the Augmentation to the Regiment of Foot under his Command, ordered from Ireland to North America -

To Mr. Oldham, to be by him paid over to Lieut. Col. Hull, of the late 83d Regiment of Foot, and Lieut. Richardson, late of the 10th Regiment of Foot, for Two Horses and Two Mules, loft in the Campaigns in Germany and Portugal, in the Years 1760 and 1762

93 8

63 8 —

215 10 —

388 3

85 1 —

441 19 10

129 8 —

63 8 —

To Colonel Montague's Regiment of Foot, to make good the Deficiency in the full Subsistence, from the 24th of June 1765, the Day of their Embarkation, to 30th September following - - 150 11 8

To ifii4* full Pay of the Earl of Granard's Regiment of Foot, ordered from Ireland to Nova Scotia, from the

17th of July 1765 to the 24th of Decem following,

both inclusive, at £.29. 6s. 10 d.a Day To 137d* full Pay of Major General Clavering's Regiment of Foot, ordered from Ireland to Quebec, from the 10th of August 1765, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £.29. 6s. 1 od. a Day

To 163a* full Pay of Colonel Owen's Regiment of Foot,

ordered from Ireland to Louijbourg, from the 15th of July 1765, to the 24th of December following,

both inclusive, at £.29. 6s. lod. a Day To 183a* full Pay of an Augmentation to Col. Fletcher's Regiment of Foot, ordered from North America to England,iTom.t\\eic)th.o(June 1765^0 the 24th December following, both inclusive, at £. 1. 13s. 6d. a Day To 18 3* full Pay of an Augmentation to Major General Gage's Regiment of Foot, ordered from North America to England, from the 25th of June 1765, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at

£.1.T3*. 6d. a Day....

To the Difference of Pay between and

Establishments of Two Troops of Col. Hale's Regiment of Dragoons for 18-4d% from the 24th of June 1765 to the 24th of Decemberfollowing, both inclusive 383 2 10

To the Difference of Pay between English and Irish Establishments, of Lieut. General Montague's Regi-

4,724 — 2 4,019 1$ 2 4,782 13 10 306 10 6

306 10 6

A. 17

I d-

7»742 15 —

M8o 4 1

ment-

6 Geo.

Dates of Warrants.

1765-

June xi. ]

2$.

JulA 5-

July it. 26.

OB. 11. June ti.

June 21. Augt. 21. Nov. 15.

July 1. Vol. 30.

III. 140 Februarii.

ment of Foot, for 184*, from the 24th of June 1765 to the 24 th of December following, both inclusive -

L d-

377 — 8

To several Surgeons Mates of the 49th Regiment of Foot, serving in Jamaica, for their Pay, from the 25th of September 1763 to the several Periods of Dismission - - 17 7

To Lieut. David Wemyfs, a reduced Officer of the 49th Regiment of Foot, for his Pay as acting as an additional Surgeon’s Mate to the said Regiment, from the 5U1 of July 1761 to the 1 ith of June 1764, at 3 6 a t>ay, and for the Difference between his half and fujl Pay as Lieutenant, from the 24th of Sept. 1763 to; the said Time, in confederation of hisCare, Trouble, and great Expences, in being obliged to flay in Town to take Care of the Convalescents of the said Regiment till they could be examined by the Chel-JeaBoard - 222 12 4

To the Duke of Richmond, for his Expences and Trouble in Reviewing His Majesty’s Land Forces in the Year 1765 ----- 960 10 6

To Major General Elliot, for D*, in D* Year - - 960 10 6

To Major General Parfiow, for D°, in D* Year - 960 10 6

To Lieut. Colonel John Campbell, as Commandant in the Island of Jersey, and all the Forts and Fortifications thereunto belonging, for his Pay from the 25th of December 176310 the 24th of December 1764, both inclusive ----- 300 — —

To Captain Lejlie, for 74 Pay, as Deputy Quarter Master General to the Forces serving at Quebec, from the i6thof October 1759 to the 31st of 1761 373 10 —

To Colonel Defmaretz, for i82d* Allowance, at £.3 a Day, and io*. a Day for his Secretary, as a Reward for and in full Satisfaction of his Care, Pains and Labour, in inspeding the Cunette, Forts, and Batteries at Dunkirk, from the 24th of December 1764 to the 24th of June 1765 ----- 637 — —

To Ma jor Gladwin, for 454'* Allowance, at 5 * Day, for Difference of Pay between Major and that of Captain of the late Regiment of Foot, commanded by Colonel Wilmot, from the 13th of December'

1760, the Date of his Commission as Major, to the 5th of December 1764, when the said Regiment was disbanded, both inclusive - - - 363 10 —

To Mr. Robert Adair, for the Pay of extraordinary Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Hands, and to defray divers other Charges ... 500 — —

To the Marches of Lord Aberdour's Regiment of Dra-

goons, from the 25th of June 1761 to the 24th of June 1762 - - - 107 11 8

To the Marches of Lord Robert Bertie's Regiment of Foot, from the 25th of December 1762 to the 24th of December 1764 ----- 442 4 5

To the Marches and contingent Distmrfements of the Regiment and Independent Companies of Invalids, from the 25th of December 1762 to the 24th of December 1763 ----- 865 11 —

To the Marches of Sir Thomas Worjley's South Battalion of the shire Militia, from their embodying in June 1760 to the 24th of December following -

To Richard Feale, Esquire, Commissary of Musters to the Forces serving in Germany, being an Allowance of Forage for the Years 1760, 1761, and 1762 - - - - 50 — —

To Lieut. General Montague, for an Allowance of Bas,

Baggage, and Forage Money, for the Regiment of Foot under his Command, ordered upon Service in the Isle of Man - 443 15 —

To Lieut. General Elliot, for the Difference of keeping in the House in the Summer 1765, 86 Horses of his Regiment of Dragoons, for 20 Weeks To Mr. Gardiner, to complete the Sum of 2,792. xs. 9 in full Satisfaction of all Demands, for supplying Bread and Bread Waggons, SCc. for the Use of the Forces encamped in North Britain, in the Year 1759

14° Febru

57*

Dates *f Warrants.

1765. June 21.

08. 11. Nov. 15.

-08. 11.

June 21.

July 5.

10.

3°-

08r. 7.

24.

Deer. 4.

6.

15.

16.

Jugt. 15. Dec. 6.

A. 17 66.

To Lieitt. Governor Wemyfs, for Coals and Candles, Jfc. filrnished to the forces in Edinburgh Castle, from the id of January 1765 to the

31st of March following To Ditto, for Coals and Candles, to the Forces in Ditto, from the ill of April 1765 to the 30th of June following - * -

To Ditto, for Coals and Candles, Sic. to the Forces in Ditto, from the ift of July 1765 to the 30th of Sep-temper following - -

To Major Rainsford, for Necessaries fumished by him to

the Foot Guards, Xc. in the Tower, for Six Mont hs, from Lady Day 1765, and ending at Michaelmas following, also for lighting the Lamps on Tower Hill, and Coals to the Barracks - -

£141 15 3

*49 3 8

*44 *7 —

333 10 6

131 IO

9I —

To 243*' Pay of Richard Carr, Esquire, as a fupemumerary Captain in late Lieut. General Bockland's Regiment of Foot, in lieu of a Company. to 24th August 1765 - -

To 182" Pay of Thomas Cuthbert, Esquire, as a Ditto in Lord George Beauclerk’s Regiment of Foot, ih lieu of a Ditto, to 24th June 1765 - -

To 182" Pay of Samuel Leftie, Esquire, as a Ditto in Major General Keppel's Regiment of Foot, in lieu of

a Ditto, to 24th June \ 7.65 -To 76'" Pay of Major Cliffe, in lien of a Ditto in his Corpse of Invalids, to 8th September 1765

To 183* Pay of Major Ackland, in lieu of a Ditto ift his Corps of Invalids, to 24th December 1765

9* —

38-----

9*

10

To ColOnel Burgoyne, in consideration of the Expences incurred by the Detachments of the Regiment of Dragoons under his Command, for extraordinary Feeding for the Hotfes, and for. Victualling and Necessaries for the Non-Commissioned O(Beers and private Men, during the Time they were employed upon the Duty of the Royal Family, in the Year 1764 -To the 66th, 68th, and 70th Regiments of Foot, for 180 Sets of Buff Accoutrements for each of the said Regiments, on account of the Augmentation made on their embarking from Ireland for the West Indies -To Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, as Solicitor to the Treasury, for his Trouble, Sic. in soliciting several Causes, and carrying on necessary Pno-fecutions, for maintaining the Authorities granted by the several Acts of Parliament against Mutiny and Desertion ....

To Meff" D'Oyley, Bradshaw, Powell, and for their Services in

settling the non-effective Accounts of the Army, £. 500 each -To Colonel James Grant, Governor of the Province of East Florida, for the . Purchase and keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the said Province for One Year, from the 29th of August 1764 to the z^thos Augkft 1765 -To MelP* Major and Henniker, for a Quantity of Flour purchasod for the Supply of the Forces in West Florida -

To Mr. Lechmere, for the Balance of his Account, a* Cotnmissary General

of Stores and Provision% on an Expedition to the Hosanna, to 24 th December 1762 -

To Lieut. Colonel Raitt, in full Satisfaction of several Sums expended by him for Forage, Bread, Wood, and Straw, Coals, Hire of Store Houses and Ground, and divers other small Charges, for the Encampment of Two Troops of the Regiment of Dragoons, commanded by Goloncl and Lieut General Montague's Regiment of Foot, encamped in the Isle of Man - -

To Mr. W&fon, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of a Balance dpeto him,

as Executor to David WiLfon, Esquire, late Deputy Commissary of Stores and Provisions at the HaXxwna, between the 25th of December 1762 and the 9th of July 1763 - - . - ».

To Mr. Lechmere, as Commissary General of Stores and Provisions at the

Havknna, for Provisions issued by him On his own private Account to the Forces there - -

To George Carleton, Esquire, for Charges attending the Embarkation of Lieut. General Montague's Regiment-of Foot, and Two-Troops of Colonel Hale's Regiment of Dragoons, from Dublin to the Isle of Man -To JoJbph Trotter, Esquire, for Services performed by him in Germany -To Meff" Elias, John, and David Palairet, for travelling Charges in Germany - - ....

Total - - £.

I*

s. dL

769 6 —

433 -

3o#-----

S89 5 —

822 6 5

2,000-----

315-----

5*4 -

207 4 7

5*9 — -v

1,261 16 3

1,286 9 4

547 17 10 60--

3* 4 10

139»97 7 1 6

Toward?

6 Gftso. III.

14° Februarii.

Dates of Warrants.

573

1765. Towards which may be applied; viis,

i6id‘ full Pay of Lieut. General s Regiment of Foot, ordered from

Halifax to Ireland, from the 17th of July 1765 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at 29.

6. 10. a Day - - - - 4,724 — 2

13 ditto of Lieutenant General Abercrombie’s Regiment of Foot, ordered from Quebec to Ireland, from the 10th. of August 1765 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £.29. 6. 10. a Day - 4,019 16 2

163d' ditto of Major General John Bofcawen’s Regiment of Foot, ordered from Louifbourg to from the 15 th of July 1765 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, at £.29. 6. 10. a Day - 4,782 13 10

183d* ditto of the reduced Numbers of Major General Oughton’s Regiment of Foot, ordered from England to North America, from the 25th of June 1763 to the 24th of Deecmber following, both inclusive, at £.1. 13.6. a Day - 306 10 6

183d' ditto of the reduced Numbers of the Earl of Pa/i-mure’s Regiment of Foot, from the 25th of June 1765 to the 24th of December following, both inciu-five, ax £. t. 13. 6. a Day - - - - 306 10 6

14,139 ii a

Remains to be provided for

123,838 — 4

War Office, 14th February 766.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said A ccounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the House.

Account; Mr. Dyson presented to the House, pursuant to their

Bill, of Address to His Majesty, of the 4th Day of,

Credit, Sec.

An Account of the Tenour and Amount of the Bills of Credit, which have been created and jflued in the several British Colonies and Plantations in , as well those

under Proprietors and Charters, as under His Majesty’s immediate Commission and Government, since January 1749; distinguishing the Amount of the same in each Colony and Plantation, and the respective Times when such Bills were issued, with the Amount of the said Bills in Money of Great Britain, both at the Time when such Bills were issued, and at the Time of preparing the said Accounts; and also the Times fixed for the calling in, sinking, and discharging such Bills, and the Funds appropriated for that Purpose.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from 25th December 1765 to 24th December 1766, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General, and General Staff Officers, in Great Britain, for the Year 176(1, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including 1 hole in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th of December 1763 to the 24th of December 1766, both

Vol. 30.

Days inclusive, being 363 Days, be referred to the said Supply* Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Two Troops of Light Dragoons and of Six Regiments of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, , and the Ceded Islands, for 365 Days, from 25th 1765, to 24th December 1766, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers, of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay, in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay, and Allowances, to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimale of the Charge of Full Pay, for 363 Days, for the Year 1766, to Officers reduced, with the Tenth Company, of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the Twenty-fourth of December 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Widows of Officers, who have died on Half Pay, for the Years 1763 and 1766, compared, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, 1 bat the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1766, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

7 G Ordered,

Ways and Means.

American

Colonies.

Biddenden,

&c.

Roads.

574 I4° I5°

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Account of the Trustees of the British Museum, to the 22d of January " inclusive, 1766," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left tjhe Chair.

Mr. Paterjon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant , by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 150 die;

Anno 6° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of , to Plnckley Hill, and from thence through Charing Town, to Bound Gate, which adjoins to the Turnpike Road from Afttford to Fave)ft:am, in the said County, is in a ruinous

Condition, and in several Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said lload.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Brooke Brydges, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

‘ Knight, Mr. Mills, Lord George Sir Charles

Fartlaby, Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Whitworth, I>ord Coleraine, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Blackstone, Sir William Beauchamp Prof!or, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. John'Pitt, Mr. Legh,

Februarii. # i+j66i

Mr. Pye, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Egerton, Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr Morton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. Anson, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Tuf-

neil. Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Tozviishend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Si'ssex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they arc- to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s-Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Richard Earl of Scothom Scarborough, Lord of the Manor, and Proprietor of a Inclosure. considerable Part of the Open Fields in the Pari fit of Scothom, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of several others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands in the several Open Fields in the Parishes of Scothom, and Holme, in the said County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, certain Open Fields, Pieces and Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, lying intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows and Pasture Grounds, in the Parishes of Scothom and Sudbrook, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Whichcot, Sir William Beajiclnmp Prodlor, and Lord BrozvnlozvBertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming an Award made for Hafelton dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, Inc'ofure. in the Parish of Hafelton, in the County of was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming an Award made for dividing and

O O

inclosing- several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of Hafelton, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Bewdley Freeholders, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, of the ^,nal* Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners being informed, that there is now depending, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Lawton and Act bury, in the County of Chester, and to the River; and that

the Petitioners duly considering the vast Utility thereof, pray that the same may pass into a Law; and that, in order to extend the Navigation aforesaid, for the Benefit of the Land and Trading Interest, the Petitioners apprehend, it is practicable to make a Navigable Canal from or near Bewdley, on the River Severn, through

Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, to near to Wolverhampton aforesaid, and from thence down the River Penh, to join, at or near in the County of Stafford, the aforesaid Navigable Cut or Canal, intended to be made from IVildenFerry aforesaid, to the River Mersey aforesaid; and that such last mentioned Canal will open a Communication between the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and be attended with great Advantage to those Parts, and the intermediate Towns, as well as to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Just iocs. Aldermen, and Ditto. Corporation, Merchants, Traders, £5 of in

the

6 Geo. III. 150 Februarii,

575

feewdlfy

Canal.

Dil to.

Ditto.

Ditto.

the County of Stafford, also Pf7llenhall, in the County aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradcf-men, of the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of cester, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto I'ubscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Justices, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Trades-men, of the Borough of Kidder, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Justices, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tradcf-men of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of coder, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Trade linen, of the Town of,

in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto i’ubscribed: An^ letting forth,!hat the Petitioners apprehend the making and maintaining such Navigable Canal, will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, if brought into the House, may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Stourbridge. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owrters, Mer-to Stourton chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of Canal* the Town of Stourbridge, and Parts adjacent, in the several Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Application for a Bill to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn to Autherley, and other Places; which, the Petitioners allege, is intended to be carried within Three Miles of the said Town of Stourbridge; and that, by a Survey made, it doth appear that a Canal, or Cut, may be brought from the said proposed Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, to thC Town of Stourbridge aforesaid; that the Petitioners apprehend, that the making and maintaining such last mentioned Canal, or Cut, on a separate and distinct Tonnage, will be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That in same such Bill shall be brought into the House, and the same shall pass into a Law, separate Commissioners may be inserted, and such Claul'es, Powers, and Piovilions therein made, as will enable them to make such Canal, or Cut, from the said main Trunk, or Canal, at or near Stourton, to the Town of Stourbridge aforesaid, and such Works as may be necessary for the convenient Use thereof, under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Provisions, as the House shall think neeeHary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tern Bridge A Petition of the Bailiff, Justices, Aldermen, Capital toWinsford Burgesses, Gentlemen, Merchants, Clergy, and Tranef-Cana!. -men, of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and TracTef-

men, of the Town of Stourbridge, in the County oiWor-cejier, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereon to subscribed: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Trades-

men, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Vol. 30.

Bewdley

Canal.

Ditto.

cester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Aldermen, and Corporation, Merchants, Traders, itfr. of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, also Wi!lenkall, in the County aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff', Aldermen, Burgesses, Mer- Ditto, chants, and Principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners being in-, formed, that an Application is intended to be made to the House, for a Bill to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, at Tern Bridge, in the County of Salop, to Wilden Ferry (on the River Trent) in the County of Derby, and from the said Cut, at or near Bridge-ford, in Slaffordshire, to the River Weaver, in the County of Chester; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Trading Towns of Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Walsall, Stourbridge, Kidderminster, Bewdley, and Dudley, and Places adjacent, in the several Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, cannot receive the lead Benefit from the said intended Navigation, as every Part thereof will be at a greater Distance from them respectively, than the River Severn is, nor can the same be in any Shape serviceable to the Cities of Glouces-

ter, and Worcester, or the Trading Towns of Upton and Bewdley, and other Trading Towns on the Severn, and the less so, as there are several Shallows therein betwixt Bewdley, and Tern Bridge aforesaid, which render it impossible for the Vessels and Boats thereon to car:y a greater Weight than a Broad-wheeled Team; and that the Freight thereof is near adequate to Land Carriage; and that the said Navigable Cut is intended to pass through a Country remote from any Manufactories, and near to which are very few Mines; and that, consequently,. the same cannot be, as the Petitioners apprehend, of any Service to Trade in general, or Utility to the Public: And therefore praying, That, if such intended Bill should be brought into the House, the same may not pass into a Law; and that, as the Petitioners are advised, it may be material and necessary for them to have the Assistance of Counsel in Opposition to the said Bill, that they may be at Liberty to be heard by their Counsel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Land Owners, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, residing in the County of Chester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and these several Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InllruClion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petitions now presented.

A Petition of Sir Charles Townley Knight, Claren- Ratciiffe ceux King of Arms, Charles Jennens Esquire, and others, Culey Proprietors of J^ands and Grounds, and Common Right, incloi"rf-upon the Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places, of Ratciiffe Culey, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That

there

57 6 150 Febru17 66.

there are, within the Lord ship of Rat cliffe afore-

laid, several large Open Fields, Meadows, and Parcels of Waste or Common Ground, Part of which lie at a considerable Distance from the Town of Ratcliffe Culey, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Grey, Sir Edward Winnington, Sir John Palmer, and Sir ’Thomas Cave, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Clotteri* A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

Jcrry Road, holders, and others, of the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge and Norfolk, Trustees under an Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris through Chatteris and

March, to Wisbech St. Peter's, and from thence to Tid Cote, in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing' the several Acts for repairing the said Road through Wisbech and Mar(h\ whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Road is, by the said Act, directed to be carried from Outwell Bridge, on the North Bank of Well Creek, and on the North Side of the New Powdike, to the West End of North De/ph Corner, and from thence to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and that it is apprehended, that it will be more advantageous to the said Roads, that the same should be carried from Outwell Bridge, on the South Side of Well Creek, to the End of Popham's Eau, and then, by a Bridge over the said Creek, to North Delph Corner, and lb to Downham Bridge, and that the several Compositions directed by the said Act to be taken of the Inhabitants of Wisbech St. Peter's, Leverington, Newton, Tid Saint GilesElm, and Emneth, travelling upon the said Road, will tend to defeat the Intent of the said Act, bydiminishing the Tolls of the said Road; and that the Land Owners on the South Side of the Banks running from Wisbech Bridge to Stamlyn's Gull, and from thence to a House, or the Scite of a House, called Tovjer House, before the Palling of the said Act, maintained the said Banks at their own Charges; and that the repairing and maintaining of the said Banks will be attended with very large Expence, and is by the said Act directed to be done by the Trustees of the said Road, at their own Cost; and that it is now apprehended, that the said Land Owners ought to contribute towards the same: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for making such Amendments in the said Act, as to the House shall seem meet; and that Leave may be given for proper Clauses to be added in the said Bill, for extending the said Road from Downham Bridge, in Norfolk, to Stoke Bridge and Finch am Bottom, in the said County; as the same cannot be repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Pye, Mr. Leg/t, General Grceme, Lord Bnrgherjh, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Tufnell, Colonel Barre, Mr. Morton, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fitzroy, Lord Palmerflon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Hume, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Burton, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Holt, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Torke, Sir James Da/hwood, Mr. Townshettd, Sir John Gibbons, Mr Fonereau, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Harris, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Glynne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Suffolk, Nor-

folk, Lincoln, and Northampton .* And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Armine Wodehouse Baronet, in Behalf Corleton and of himself and others, Proprietors of Land, and other- Kimberley wile interfiled, in the Open and Common Fields, and Jndofure. other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Kimberley and Carletcn Forehoe, in the County of Nor-

folk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioner, and others, in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. r De Grey, and Sir John Hynde Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the pa^es to Bank of England, was presented to the House, and read: the Bank of getting forth, That, pursuant to the Powers of an Act England, of Parliament, paised in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, to enable the Petitioners to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage from Cor-eh til to the Bank, and other Purposes, the Petitioners have purchased the necessary Houses and Ground, and have laid out the new intended Street, and made a considerable Progress in erecting Buildings on each Side thereof; and that, by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of and Liberties

thereof, and for opening certain Streets and Ways within the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were impowered to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in, the House at the West End of the Building, situate between Corn-hill and Threadneedle Street, and also the Houses on the South Side of Threadneedle Street, extending from the House before mentioned Eastward, till it reaches to that Part of the Street which is opposite to the Gates, and to pull down the said first mentioned House, and lay the Ground into the said Street, and to pulldown the said other Houses, and to enlarge the Passage there to Thirty-five Feet in Width; and that, by another Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for veiling certain Glebe l..ands belonging to the Reftoryof the Parish of Saint C in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, for making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu thereof; and for obviating certain Doubts in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third of his late Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lines, and Passages, within the City of London, after reciting the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and that the said Petitioners had agreed with the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, to take upon themselves the Expence of carrying the said recited Act into Execution, lb far as relates to the Prenufes therein and herein before-mentioned, and to advance the Purchase Money directed by the said recited Act, together with the necessary Expences of carrying the same into Execution in that behalf; and in Consideration thereof, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled, had agreed, that all the said several Houses should be conveyed to the Petitioners, for the Purposes therein recited; it was enabled that the said several Houses, quite through to

were

it

6 Geo. III.

xfi’aF-ehruarii. - 577

Passages to were meant and intended} and are thereby declared to Mr. Gray , Sir John Cotton, Lord

the Bank of be included within the Powers of the said recited Act; Mr-. Grey, Lord Mr. Sargent, Mr. Pater fin,

"san ' and that, considering the great Concourse of Persons Colonel Mr. Glover, Mr. Lewis, Mr Harris,

and Carriages resorting to the Bank, the Petitioners ap- Mr. Ton Mr. Staunton, Mr. Mr.

prehend, the Passage of Thirty-five Feet in Width will Mr. Howard, Lord George Cavendish, Lord be too narrow, and have therefore caused that Part of mine, Mr. Mr. Preject; and all the Members

Threadneedle Street, which lies between the Edifice called who lerve for the City of , and the Counties of

The Bank, and the said New Street opposite thereto, to Kent, Hertford, Essex, and Surrey: And they

be made of the Width of Forty-four Feet Three Inches; are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the Buildings on Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Peii'ons, the South Side of Threadneedle Street, Westward, were Papers, and Records, to range in a Line from the Buildings at the North-Well

End of the said New Street, and the Houses and Sheds A Petition of theleveral Justices of the Peace* Gentic- pen?*tt on the North Side of Threadneedle Street, Westward, to the men, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Road. South-Well Corner House of P>7//rf\r Street, weretorange Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prein a Line with the Bank Edifice, as nearly parallel to the lented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by said South Side as may be, it would be not only more an Act, passed in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s uniform, and a considerable Ornament to the City of Reign, for amending {he Road leading from London, but would be much more commodious to Pal- in the Parish of in the County of to

lingers, and be of much public Utility; and that the Bridge, near the Eall End of Market

Petitioners apprehend, from what appears by taking ton, and other Roads therein mentioned, which were down the Iloules in Cornhill, for opening the said New divided into Two Districts, by the Distinctions of the Street, that the rest of the Houses on the North Side First and Second District of Roads; it is provided, that of Cornhill Westward being old, and, as it is supposed, out of the First Monies which shall arile by or on ac-built shortly after the Fire of London, may be so far count of the Tolls within each respective District, or out weakened, by taking down the Houses on the South of the Monies which shall be borrowed on the Credit Side of Threadneedle Street, for enlarging the Passage thereof, the Trustees shall pay all reasonable Expences there, as to be in Danger of falling, or at least not attending the procuring the said Act, one Moiety where-worth the Coll of supporting, wherefore the Petitioners of is therein directed to be paid by the Trustees of the are desirous of purchasing the fame, in order to pull First District, and the other Moiety by the Trustees of down and rebuild the fame; and in that same the Peti- the Second District, of the said Roads; and that some of tioners would lay more Ground into the Street, than is the Petitioners are appointed Trustees for executing the required by the aforesaid Act of the 33d Year of the said Act, in the Second as well as the First District, and Reign of his late Majesty; and that there is One House, did advance several Sums of Money, toward; obtain-on the North Side of a Passage round Saint Christopher'sing and passing of the said Act, and have attended fe-Church Yard, adjoining to Premises purchased by the veral Meetings held for such Second District, and pro-Petitioners, for enlarging the Bank Edifice, and Three posed the erecting of Turnpikes, and repairing the said Houses contiguous thereto, on the West Side of the Roads within such last mentioned District, and for dif-said Passage, , and several small Tenements in Three charging the Moiety of the Expences of passing the said Nun Court, which, with the said Court and Passage, and Act, so far as relate to such Second District of Roads, the several other Courts and Passages leading to other according to the Directions of the said Act, and the Sum Premises already purchased by the Petitioners, would, of £. 2,000 has been offered the Trustees, at some or one if vested in the Petitioners, be of great public Utility, of their Meetings, to be lent on the Credit of such as it. would enable the Petitioners to remove certain Tolls as may be collected within that District, for the Nuisances, and likewise to enlarge their Edifice, and several Purposes aforesaid; but that the good Ends and more effectually secure the same from the Danger of Designs of carrying the said Act into Execution, within Fire; and that the Petitioners have agreed with all or and for such Second District, have been hitherto fruf-most of the Occupiers of the said several Houses in trated and over-ruled by a Majority of the Trustees Cornhill, Threadneedle Street, Saint Christopher'sChurch acting in and for such Second District, as well for the Yard, and Three Nun Court, as are necessary to be erecting of Turnpikes and proceeding in the Repair of taken down for the Purposes aforesaid, and also with those Roads (which are now in as bad and ruinous Con-all or most of such of the Owners thereof, who are able dition as before the making of the said Act) as for dif-to make out a saleable Title, and convey the fame; but charging the Moiety of the Expences of passing the a good Title cannot be mad* to the whole thereof, said Act, whereby some of the Petitioners are great without the Aid of Parliament; and that, in case the Sufferers, by being kept out of their several Subscrip-Petitioners were impowered to take up and relay the tions, and are still deprived of bothPiincipaland Interest Pavement on both Sides of Bartholomew Lane, and on of the fame.; and the Country are also bereaved of the both Sides of Threadneedle Street, from Bartholomew great Benefits that would relult from thedueExecu-Lane, Westwards, it would render the Avenues to tion of the said Act within such Second District, and re-the Bank much more safe and convenient: And pairing the several Roads therein; and that the Trustees, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to acting for the lame, have usually met in the Month of bring in a Bill for the several Purposes abovemen- May or June, annually, and only adjourned from Year tioned, with such Powers and Provisions, and un- to Year, without proceeding or intending to proceed der such Regulations, as to the House shall seem to any further Business; and that some or ope of the proper. Trustees was lb frank as to declare, at one of such

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Meetings, that they were determined not to put the said federation of a. Committee: And that they do examine Act into Execution; upon which the Petitioners humbly the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- conceive, that such Proceedings are partial, arbitrafy, pear to them, to the House: and illegal, if not a Contempt of the Authority of the

And it is referred to Mr. Burton, Sir John Gibbons, Legislature: And therefore praying the House to take Mr. Ewer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pye, Mr. the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief Fiizherbert, Mr. Buller, Mr. Molesworthj Lord Grey, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Burrell, Mr.’ Butler, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Legh, Mr. Middleton, Six Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Aber- amine the Matter thereof; arid report the fame, as it crombie, Mr. Gilbert, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Mor-, shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 30. 7 H And

9

578 15 Februariu17

And it is referred to Mr. Blackstone, Mr.

Mr. Touchet, Mr. Leg A, Mr. , Mr. Sandys, Lord

Palmerston, Mr. Gray, Lord , Mr. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Hume, Sir Alexander Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Pye, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. worth, Mr. Buller, Mr. Paterson, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Foner Mr. Staunton, Mr.

roy, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Shifter, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Morton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir James and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Gloucester, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Matter’* A Petition of Legh Master Esquire, on Behalf of

Estate*. himself and Catherine his Wife, and Legh Hojkins,

Master and Catherine Master, their Infant Children, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 1’hat the Petitioner, by Virtue of his Father’s Marriage Settlement, bearing Date the 13th and 14th Days of April, 1716, and of Two Common Recoveries suffered in Trinity Term, in the 13th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; and of a Settlement, bearing Date the 29th and 30th Days of June, 1739; and of another Settlement, bearing Date the 4th Day of August, 1753; is seised or possessed of 12 Messuages, in the Strand, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and of the Manor of Stanley Grange, with divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Stanley and Dale Abbey, and also of the Manor and Castle of Codnor, and Codnor Park-, and of divers Lands and Hereditaments in Codnor, Henor, Lofecoe, Langley, and in the County of Derby, subject to an Annuity of £.300 to Ann Master, Relict of Legh Master, Esquire, the Petitioner’s Father, for her Life; and to another Annuity of £. 100 to the foie and separate Use of the said Catherine, the Petitioner’s Wife, and subject to a Mortgage for £.4,000 to Judith Hopkins, Spinster; upon certain Trusts in the said Petition mentioned, to the Use of himself for Life, Remainder to the Use of Catharine his Wife, for her Life, Remainder to the First and every other Son in Tail Male, subject to a Term for railing certain Portions for the younger Children of the Petitioner, Remainder to Robert Master, Brother of the Petitioner, Remainder to the right Heirs of Legh Master. Esquire, the Petitioner’s late Father, deceased, with a Power for the Petitioner to charge the said Middlesex Estates with any Sum not exceeding £. a,000; that the Petitioner, and Catharine his Wife, have Issue the said Legh Hojkins Master, and One Daughter, named Catharine, of the Age of Four Years or thereabouts, and no other Children 1 that the said Estate in the County of Middlesex, conlifting of Houses, which have been long erected, are very expensive in supporting and keeping the same in Repair, and will become daily more so; and the said Estates in the County of Derby; lay detached from each other, and not having any Houses thereupon fit and proper for the Habitation of the Petitioner and his Family, the Petitioner is under Necessity of leaving the Management thereof to Agents, which is not only very expensive, but any Improvement is rendered very difficult and uncertain, if not impracticable; and the Petitioner has great Reason to believe, that the said Estates, especially those in the County of Derby, might now be fold and disposed of at a very advantageous Price; and that, in case the whole of the said Estates, in the said Counties of Middlesex and Derby, were fold, and out of the Money, arising the reby, the several Sums of £.4,000 and £. 2,000 wherewith the same Hand liable respectively, were paid off and discharged, and the Residue of the Money, to arise by such Sale, laid out in the Purchase of One compact Estate, or Two or more Estates lying 10

contiguous to each other, in Great Britain or Ireland, to be settled to the same Uses, and upon the same Trulls, to which the said Estates proposed to be sold now Hand settled, a better and more certain Income would not only be produced therefrom, but the same would be otherwise for the Advantage of the Petitioner* his Family, and all Persons claiming any Benefit or Interest in or under the said Settlements: Therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Estates in Tmftees, to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Legh and Mr. Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Over- St. Andrew, seers of the Poor, and other Principal Inhabitants, of streeu'.’scc. the Parithcs of Saint Andrew Holbourn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners apprehend it would tend greatly to the Advantage, Safety, and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and Part of Saint Andrew Holbourn aforesaid, if sufficient Powers were given to establish and regulate a nightly Watch, and Beadles, as also to cleanse and enlighten the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the lame, and to provide a more suitable and competent Maintenance and Support for the Poor thereof; and that it would greatly facilitate the Execution of the Purposes abovementioned, and likewise be for the Ease of the said Inhabitants, if the Rates and Assessments necessary for defraying the Charges thereof, were consolidated into One joint and general Fund, and to be collected together: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Pye, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. nell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Buller, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Gray, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Lord Brozvnlow Bertie, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Harris, Mr, Abercrombie, Sir Richard Bampfylde,

Sir John Glynne, Colonel Fitzroy, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Bane, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Ward, Mr. Montagu, Mr,

Morton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Paule Mr. Paterson, Sir Lynch Cotton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, SuJ/ex, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Ex- Westminster ecution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleans- Paving, ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts in Execution, in doing which they perceive that feme further Powers and Regulations are necessary, effectually to answer the Purposes of the said Acts; and that it would be of great Ease and Safety to the Petitioners, and tend to facilitate the Execution of the Powers of the said Acts, if the same were to be consolidated, or reduced into One Act, and altered in such Places as may be found necessary:

And

Welhninfier

Paving,

Hyde Park

Corner

Hoads.

Brigham In do fare*

Clergymen*

Orphans

Charity

Estate.

6 Geo. III.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposesabovementioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr.

worth, Mr. Townshend, Colonel

Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Anson, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Robinson, General Grame, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Earle, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Colonel Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Sir Alexander -mour, Mr. Whiclicot, Lord Tavistock, Mr. fVorsley, Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Pau/et, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Touchet, Lord; and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Efj'ex, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of , and for the

other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have continued to put the said Acts into Execution with great Diligence, and have made great Progress in the Works thereby directed to be done, which, they presume, has been productive of a very considerable Convenience j and that the Petitioners humbly represent, that the granting a Power to the Petitioners to collect further or other Tolls, on the Roads communicating with the several Streets and other Places directed by the said Acts to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, would be a Means more effectually to facilitate the Execution of the said Acts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such A Alliance therein as to' the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Killmorey, Sir Richard Lyttelton Knight of the Bath, and Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it would be of great public Advantage, if Power was given to light and watch the Roads from Hyde Park Corner, and from Buckingham Gate, to Chelsea Church, and certain other Roads and Places within the Parish of Chelsea, and to water the same when necessary: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for those Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Tufnell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Fofton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

P

A Petition of the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-Vol. jo.

tition, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as they think proper, and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That a certain Piece of Land* now called Cherry Cobb Sand, supposed, by the Petitioners, to have arisen out of the Bed Of the River j in York-

shire, and to have first made its Appearance about Fifty or Sixty Years since, ha’s inereased by Degrees, and is now become a very valuable Spot of Land, containing One thousand Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners being seised in Fee of an Estate, at Saltagh Grange, opposite to the said Sand, in of about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-nine, petitioned the then Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for a Grant of Five hundred Acres, Part of the said Sand, lying nearest to the Petitioner’s Estate, for the Benefit of the said Charity, and Charles Poole Esquire, petitioned about the same Time, for a Grant of the whole Sand, and William Constable Esquire, who was in Possession of the said Sand, and claimed it as Lord of the Seigniory, Dominion, and Honour of derness, petitioning also cither to be quieted in the Pof-session thereof, or to have a Grant of lo much of the said Sand as arose between high and low Water Mark; all the Three several Petitions were referred to His Majesty’s then Attorney General for his Opinion thereupon, who, on the Fifteenth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty, reported, that he was of Opinion, that his late Majesty was intitled to the said Sand, and that the Right of the Crown ought forthwith to be ascertained; and that, in Pursuance of such Report, their Lordships were pleased, by their Warrant, todiredt Five hundred Acres, Part of the said Sand, called Cherry Cobb, lying contiguous to the Petitioners said Estate, to be granted to them, for a Term of Thirty-one Years, without Fine, for the Benefit of the said Charity, but subject to the Rent of Sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence per Annum; and to a Covenant to try the Crown’s Right, at the Expence of the Petitioners, with the Aid of the Exchequer; and the Remainder was ordered to be granted to the said Mr. Poole, subject to a Rent of One hundred and Forty-six Pounds per Annum, on the like Conditions* which Grant he afterwards declined; and that* afterwards, and before a Grant of the said Five hundred Acres was made to the Petitioners, they, with the Leave of their Lordships, caused an Information to be fled, in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General, in the Court of Exchequer, against the said William for the recovering the Possession of the same j to which Information, the said Defendant having appeared, and pleaded Not Guilty j the Information came on to be tried, by a Special Jury, at the Summer Assizes holden at York, in One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three; the Jury found a Verdict for the Defendant William Constable, and that the Petitioners, beingdiflatisfied with such Verdict, presented another Memorial to the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, praying their Lordships to order a new Information to be brought, in the Name of the Attorney General, for the Recovery of the Possession of the whole Sand, to be tried at the Bar of the Court of Exchequer, at the Expence of the Crown, upon which the then Lords of the Treasury were pleased, by their Order of the Tenth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-three, to signify their Disapprobation of trying the Right at the Expence of the Crown -, but if the Proprietors were inclined to prosecute their Claim, their Lordships would order a new Information of Intrusion to be brought, and tried at the Expence of the Petitioners; and it the De-cifion should be in favour of the Crown, that they would grant the whole Sand to the Petitioners, for the Benefit of the said Charity, subject to the same Quit-rents and Conditions, and for the same Term, as were directed to be inserted in the intended Grants to the

Petitioners,

ClrrgymcJ Oiph«rs Charity Lilate.

Newcastle under Line Canal.

58*0 15 0 Februarii.. 1766.

» Petitioners, and Mr. Poole; and that the then Attorney General, in Pursuance of fucir Order, and at the Expence of the Petitioners, and with the permission of the then Lords of the Treasury, in or about Hilary "Term, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, filed such Information, to which the said William appeared, and pleaded the General Ill'ue, Not Guilty; but, in order to prevent further Litigation, made the following Proposal to the Petitioners, That all further Proceedings on the last Information should be flayed; and that the said Defendant William would, with all convenient speed, grant and convey to the Petitioners, and their Sueediors, for ever, for the Benefit of tire said Charity, Four hundred Acres, Parcel of the said Sand, called Cherry Cobb Sand, lying at the South haft End thereof, and nearest to a certain Place, called Sunk Island, to be set out, with Stakes and Bounds, by two indifferent Persons, One to be named by the Petitioners, and the other by the said William Constable; and all his Estate, Right, and I ntcrefl therein, to be holden of him,' as of his Manor of

Humber, at the yearly Rent of Three Shillings and Four Pence for ever, and free from all other Incumbrances, in confederation that his laid Seigniory of Hol-derness iliould be preserved to him, and that the Residue of the said Sand llrould be ratified and confirmed to him, and his Heirs; and that he would consent to an Act of Parliament to carry the said Proposal effectually into Execution; and that the Petitioners being only Trustees for the said Charity, and as the issue of the said Information might be doubtful and precarious, and if it should prove unsuccessful, the Costs thereby incurred would be p very great Loss to the said Ci arity, the Petitioners, from thele Considerations, did on their Part most readily accept the said Proposal; and therefore laid the same before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, praying their Approbation thereof, and Intercession with His Majesty, in order to carry the said Proposal effectually into Execution'; and that their Lordships have been pleated to approve of such Proposal, and to intercede with His Majesty for His Consent thereto, notwithstanding which, and although it is apparently for the great Benefit of the said Charity, yet the same cannot be effectually carried into Execution, so as to bar such Right as the Crown may have in the said Sand, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the said Proposal, and effectually to carry the same into Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Refolded, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House. t Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

I *

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing in the Town of Newcastle under in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the U:\cr Trent, at or near Wilden, in the County of , to the River Mersey; and that the said Cut, or Canal, wi' pals within Three Miles of the said Town, and, by a Survey taken, it appears that a Branch may be brought from ' thence to the said Town, which would be greatly beneficial to the said Town, where a considerable Manufacture is dtablished, as well as to the adjacent Country: And therefore praying, That Provision nuy be made in the said Bill, for bringing the said Cut, or Branch, to the 'I’own of Newcastle, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

lideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of t ie Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, is referred:

’ And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, NewCaftIe Freeholders, Principal Inhabitants, and Manufacturers, underline of the Counties of Stafford and Chester, and of the Cana!. Towns of Newcastle under Line and in the said Counties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Road leading from the F Gates, upon a certain Place called The Mill Dam, in or near the said Town of Newcastle, through Keel, and over Madeh Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor, to Chester, near the said Town of Namptwich, is in most Parts thereof so ruinous and deep, that Carriages, or Persons on Horse-back, cannot pass without great Danger -, and that there-are many deep hollow Ways, in the said Road, which are very narrow and incommodious, so that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing and amending the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it i. referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Tufnell, Mr.

Pye, Colonel Earre, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. I/jrd

brown!ow Bertie, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Lows her, Mr. Robinson, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. duller, Mr. Molesworth, General Sir

Gilmvur, Mr. E'itzherbert, Lord Palmerston, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rigby, Lord Wark-worth, Mr. Touchet, Sir Edward Bayntun, Lord Garlics,

Mr. Staunton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hume, Mr. Wood, Mr.

Puller, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Shifner, Lord,

Sir James Lowther, Sir John Gibbons; and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, -caster, Warwick, York, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Batterfex unto subscribed, living in and near Battersea, in the Bridge. County of Surrey, and Chelsea, in the County o dlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Ferry between the said Places, is very inconvenient and dangerous, and the erecting a Bridge, at or near the said Ferry, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and others, open a more commodious Communication between the said Counties, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the building a Bridge, at or near the said Ferry, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Touchet, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gilbert, General Grame, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Gray, Lord Grey, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Townshend, Sir William Beauchamp Probior, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Buller,

Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Earle, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gas-coyne. Sir George Armytage, Mr. Hewett, G\x James Lowther,

Mr. Fitzherbett, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Legh, Sir John

Mr. Kynajlsn, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fone-

reau, Mr. Mackworth, and all the Members who serve

for

6 Geo. III. 15° Febrttariu 581

for the Counties of MiddlSurrey, Sussex, , and

Southampton; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

fcsttrrfea A Petition of the Right honourable John Earl Spencer, was also presented to the House, and mad; Setting forth, Thai the Petitioner is the Owner and Proprietor of the said Ferry, between Batterfta and , and is willing

and ckfirous, at 1 is own Expence, to build a Bridge at or near the said Ferry, upon having such a reasonable Toll granted him as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bid for building a Bridge at or near the said Ferry, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Heisfc shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

fibres RoaJ. \ Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the 16th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Bowes, in the County of Turk, to Brough under Sta'enmore, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, mid read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Power vested in them by the said Act, proceeded to repair the said lload, in order to which, they wereobliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, a Part of which still remains unpaid; and that the said Road cannot be rendered commodious, and kept in effectual Repair, without a further Enlargement of the Terms and Powers of the said Act; and that the Road leading from the said Turnpike Road, near The Grained Tree, or Maiden through Keber, to Kaber CroJ's, to join the present Turnpike Road, leading from High gate, near , through

Kirby Stephen, to Brough-, and ailo the Road from a Place at or near The Grained , or Maiden Castle, aforesaid, in the said StainmoreTurnpike Road, to the Coal Works

at Taylor Rigg, in the County of Weshnoreland, and Tan-hill, and Kings Pitt, in the County of York, are in a very ruinous Condition, and some Parts thereof too narrow, and totally impassable for Carriages: and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideratioD of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James , Mr. Tufnell,

Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Morton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pye, Sir George Scvi/e, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Staunton, Mr. G ay, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Wauchope, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Mackenzie, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Warkworth, Sir Fletcher Horton, Lord Mountjlewart, General Grame, Mr. Weddcrburn, Mr. Lord Grey, and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Weji-moreland , Cumberland, Durham, York,

and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tc«en«nw A Petition of Charles Esquire, was presented to

Court the House, and read; Setting forth, That at present Market, there is only One Market for the Sale of Live Cattle, for the Supply of this Metropolis, which is held in Smithfield, upon Monday and Friday, in -every Week;

Vol. 30.

and that since the said Market was first established, the Houses and Buildings on the North and Wed Sides thereof, are greatly inecafed; and that all Cattle now fold in the said Market, mull of -neceflit- be driven through several Publ:c Streets, by reason whereof frequent Mischiefs happen to the Inhabitants; and that the Petitioner is possessed of certain Fields and Lands at Tottenham Court, in the County of which he

holds of the Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of St.

Paul's in London, by Lease for Lives; renewable at a Fine uncertain; and that, if a Market for the Sale of Live Cattle was established in some of the Fields belonging to the Petitioner at Tottenham Court, to be held Two Days in the Week, under proper Regulations, the Petitioner apprehends it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Places adjacent; and of Public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to hold a Market, for the Sale of Live Cattle, under proper Regulations, in some of his Lands at Tottenham Court, and for enabling the Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, to grant the Petitioner a Lease, Qr Leases, for that Purpose, fora longer Term than he is at present impowered by Law to grant, under such Restrictions as the

House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Townshend, Mr. , Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Rigby, Lord Burgherjbi Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Alderman , Lord

John Cavendish, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thoroton,

Sir William Beauchamp ProEior, Lord Palmerston, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Wkichcot, Sir Lord

Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Burrell, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Me. Egerton, Lord George Cavendish, Lord Barrington, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Townshend, Lord Grey, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Robinson,. Mr. Hummer, Sir James Lowther, Mr. OnJJow, Mr. , Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr.

Byde, Lord Villiers, Mr. Gray, Mr. Paterjon, Mr. Pent on.

Sir Edmund Bayntun, Sir John Glynne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Hertford, and Kent', and for the City of London: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of several Adderbuiy Open and Common Fields, Grounds, and Tyti.es, lying, laclosure.-and arising within those Parts of the Township and Pafilh of Adderbury, in the County of Oxf, commonly called

Adderbury East Field, Coat Field, Adderbury West Field,

Milton Field, and Boddicott Field, and of the several Commonable Lands uled therewith, or adjoining and belonging to the fame, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners Estates in the said Fields, and Commonable Lands, lie intermixed with each other in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, or l'uch other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Thomas Townshend Junior, the Lord Bergherjh, Mr.

Touchet, and Mr. Morton, da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of wareham the County of Dorset, and several Persons using the Road*. Roads thereinafter mentioned, was presented to the 7 I House,

Wareham

Roads.

American

Colonies.

15° Febru

A. 17

House, and read; Setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Market Crc, in the Town of ham, through the West Street of the said Town, and through the leveril Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, Towns, and Villages of Lady Saint M, , Wool-bridge, Coombe Koines, Moreton, Knighton, Le-

na ell, Stafford, Come, and Fordington, to the East End of the Town and Village of Fordington, and part of the High Road leading from the Bridge, over the River called Holme Bridge, in length one Mile, beginning at the said Bridge, and leading towards East Luhvorth, in the County of Dorset, and also the High Road leading from the said Market Crofts in through the

North Street of the said Town, and over a Bridge called Smdftord Bridge, and through the several Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, Towns, and Villages, of St. Martin and Litchet Minster, otherwise South Litchet, and over a Heath

called Holton Heath, to a Gate, or Gateway, in the Road leading from the said Heath, to a Bridge, called King's Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road between the said Bridge and Poole Gate, over Part of Poole Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading from Poole Gate aforesaid, to Longhorn, and from Sandftord Bridge aforesaid, through Morden, Winterborne, Zelfton, Charleton, and

Bland ford St. Mary, to Blandf Bridge, in the said County of Dorftet, and also the High Road leading from the said Market Crofts, in IVa, through the South Street of the said Town, and through the several Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, Towns, and Villages, of the Holy Trinity, Stozvborough, and Cor fte Castle, through a Lane called Lynch Lone, and the Common Fields belonging to the Manor of Kingston, and through the several Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, Towns, and Villages, of Kingston, Langton-Maltravers, Worth, and to the East

End of the Town or Village of Swanwich, and from the ‘laid High Road, between Lynch Lane aforesaid, and the Town or Village of Langton through the

Common Fields belonging to the said Manor of Kingston, to the Gate on the East Side of a Farm called East "Orchard Farm, and from the High Road passing through Stowborotigk aforesaid, to the Gate near to a Blacksmith’s Shop, in the Occupation of John Coastftield Savage, in the Road leading to Grange, in the Parish of Steeple, in the said County of Dorftet; are in a ruinous Condition, and inconvenient for YVheel Carriages, and in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Lord Grey, Lord Burgherfth, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Robinfton, Mr. Cooper, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Alderman Beckftord, General Burgoyne, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Tone het, Mr. Bagot,

Sir Alexander Gilmour, Mr. Paterfton, Sir Edward lun, Mr. Staunton, Sir Richard Warwick Bampftylde, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gray, Sir John Turner, Sir John Griffin, Mr. Caftwall, Lord Villiers, Lord Downe, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Tozvnfthend, Mr. Burton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Calvertand all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Dorftet, Wilts, Somerftet, Devon, Cornwall, and Southampton; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Oswald do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several -Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and

31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instanf February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Reftolved, That an humble Address be presented to His American. Majesty, That He will be graciously plealed to give Di- ^'°urts reftions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of A mir tjr’ ail Letters, Orders, Representations, Memorials, and Papers, relating to the Appointment of Courts of Vice Admiralty in America, together with all Proceedings which have been had thereupon, since the Conclusion of the late War, except such as have been already laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Paterfton, according to Order, reported from the Supply.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and are as followeth; viz.

Reftolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thou- . land Five hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Six eflective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Reftolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Five thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Sixeffective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and otherHis Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernftey, and Jerftey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Reftolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hundred Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General StafTOfficers, in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Reftolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Ninety-two thousand One hundred Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining Elis Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Aftrica, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Iftlands, and Aftrica, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Reftolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred Twenty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence, and one eighth of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty (out of the Monies, or Savings, remaining of the Grant in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Three Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for His Majesty’s Servich, on the Coast of Aftrica, and for Provisions for the fame, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five) towards maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations arid Aftrica, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Iftlands, and Aftrica, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Reftolved; That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Nine hundred Ninety-three Poitnds Eleven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying' the 1 Charge

'‘T'illfc.

Highways; Application *£ Money.

6 Geo. III.

15" Februarii.

583

Charge of the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Establishment of Two Troops of Light Dra-

goons; and of Six Regiments of Foot fervingin the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-lix.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred and Fourteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, lor the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the year one thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-eight thousand Six hundred Seventy-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced OfBctrs of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum,' not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Officers Reduced, with the Tenth Company, of several Battalions reduced from Ten to Nine Companies, and who remained on Half Pay at the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nine thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty thousand Four hundred and Forty- five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand and Sixty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services, performed by the Office of Ordnance, lor Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Mufeumto carry on the Execution of the Trust repoled in them by Parliament.'

The laid Resolutions being severally read a second. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do make the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the Management and Application of all such Sums of Money as have been collected, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway, and to report the Matters as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

Mr. Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee; that the Committee had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed to be made to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same vyas read; and is' as-followeth; 'viz.

Vol. 30,

Your Committee having called before them Mr.

Philips, Treasurer to the Kensington Trust, and Mr. Scott, one of the Trustees, the Evidence which they gave to the Committee appointed on the like Occasion in the Years 1764 and 1765, and which was then reported to the House, was read to them, which they confirmed in every Particular, except that Part of the Report in 1 765, which takes Notice of the Revenue of the said Turnpike to be £.4,737, it appearing by the Schedule annexed to the Report for that Year, to amount only to the Sum of £.4,145. 5. 6.

And Mr. Philips added. That there has been, by ths Surveyors Account, 1251 Load of Gravel put on the Road the last Year more than the Year before, notwithstanding the last Summer was much finer, and drier, and the Collection was less by £.110. 9. 6.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there has been great Mismanagement of the Public Money, in the Repair of that Part of the Road leading from Clarges Street to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That some Alteration ought to be made in the Execution of the said Trust.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would be of public Utility, and a Saving to the Trust, if that Part of the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, was put under the Management of the Commissioners for Paving the Streets of and a proper Sum allowed out of the Trust for paving and repairing the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it would be of great Conveniency to all Persons travelling through Kensington, in case Part of the Trust Money was appropriated towards paving and cleansing the fame, and a proper Proportion allowed by the respective Inhabitants for the said Purpose.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the.

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Foreign-manufac- Aceonnt*; tured Leather Gloves, and Mittins, imported into England for Seven Years; from Christmas 1757 to - 10ure*

mas 1764; distinguishing each Year, together with the Duties paid on the Importation thereof: And also.

An Account of all Foreign-manufactured Leather Gloves, and Mitts, which have been seized and condemned, for Seven Years last past: And also.

An Account of all Foreign Kid and Lamb Skins un-drest, imported for Seven Years, from Christmas 1757 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glove-fellers, and Glove-manufacturers, Leather-dressers, and Leather-fellers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark; and also the Petition of the Glove-manufacturers, Glove-fellers, Leather-dressers, and Leather-fellers, of the City of York-, are referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and Gentlemen, of Colne the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are Waterworks thereunto annexed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was offered to be prefetjted to the House.

1 A Motion

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Xettlethorpe

lnctofure.

584 15° — 17 0 Februarii. 17 66.

}*9-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went iorth.

Tellers for the Yeas. ^Znminmau

Tehees for he Nees

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That several Attempts have, for many Years part, been made, by different Persons, to bring Water to the West End of the Cities of London and Westminster, from the River Colne above Uxbridge, the general Utility of which to the said Cities is universally known and admitted, although the Design has never been effected, which the Petitioners apprehend is to be attributed to the several Proposals, having been made for taking the said Water out of the River Colne, above the Town of Uxbridge, whereby several valuable Mills would have been manifestly injured; and that the Petitioners, from accurate Surveys made, find that a proper Supply of Water may be had, which they pro-pole to bring from the said River Colne, at or near a Place called Hobarls Mill, about Three Miles below

Uxbridge, by a Cut navigable for Boats, Barges, and othei* Vessels, to a Place near Williams Farm in

the Parish of St. Mary Le Bon, by which Method very few Mills will receive any kind of Detriment, and the Petitioners are willing to make proper Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and that the Petitioners, in consequence of this Plan, have a Proposal depending for an Agreement with the Governor and Company of

Che’feaWater Works, for uniting the Petitioners Undertaking with the said Company, and making them one United Company with a Joint Stock, and for carrying the same into Execution by virtue of an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the Advantages resulting to the Cities of London and Westminster, from the Execution of this Plan, are great and obvious, not only by a Supply of Water, but from the said Navigation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Water from the River Colne, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall teem proper, and for carrying into Execution such Agreement as the Petitioners shall make with the said Governor and Company of Water

Works.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be giving to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Array and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Amcotts Esquire, Lord of the Honor of Stozve, and Wapentake of Well, in the County of Lincoln (of which the Parish of ilethorpe, in the same County, is Parcel) and Patron of the Rectory of Kelt let horpeaforesaid; and also

Proprietor of several Messuages, Toft Heads, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in Laughterton, and Kettlethorpe, within the said Parish, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, certain other Messuages, Toftileads, Open Field Lands, and Meadow Grounds, and in the Commons and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Kettlelhorpe, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the said Parish, there is an Open Field called Laughterton Sand Field, an Open Meadow called Laughterton Marsh, and certain Free Commons called the Green and Bast Moor, likewise several ancient indofed Grounds, Parts

whereof are Tythe free, and other small Parts are liable to Tythes, of which Tythes the said Charles Amcotts is Proprietor; and that the Lands belonging to the re-sped'tive Proprietors of the said Fields, and Meadow Grounds, lie intermixed and in finali Parcels, and are at present incapable of any considera'nle I...provement; but if Power was given to allot, divide, or indole the fame, and the said Commons, and to make Satisfaction in Land to the Proprietor, lor the Tythes of such Part of the said Parish as is now liable to Tythes, the same would tend to the great Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be giving to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Parish of Kettlelhorpe aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Regulations, as the House thall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and the Lord Barrington do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunes, 170 die Februarii; Anno 6° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766. Prayers.

AB I LL for dividing and inclosing a certain Open.

and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Darker, Mr. Eger ton, Mr, Tozvr.jbend, Sir Thomas Cave, M Mr

Sir George Savile, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Norris, Mr. Fitzmaurlce, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Luther, Mr. Sir

John Glynne, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir George Armytage, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Holt, Mr. Fane, Mr. MrT

Manners, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Boone, Mr. Rufhout, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr Mr. Staunton, Mr* Morton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Carysfort-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, Stafford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingressed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Waste, or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper Heworth and Nether Heworth, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Waste, or Common, in the ltveral Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper Heworth and Nether Heworth, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, called Cuddington, or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of Weverham, in the County of ,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Lord Grey, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Cholmonde/ey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. gutter, 7 Mr.

Bidford

Inclosure*

Heworth

Inclosure.

Ctiddingtoa

Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. i j° Februarii

Heddington

lndofure.

Steeple

Mon

lndofure.

Army: Mutiny and Defer tion.

Duke of Bridge-water’s Navigation.

Bladen

loclefure.

Mr. Clive, Mr. Norris, Mr. Butler, Sir John Glynne, Mr. -Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying Grey, Mr. Bull, Mr. Fane, Mr. Methuen, Sir William within the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Sebright, Mr. of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Fairfax, Mr. Mackye, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Darker, Sir Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title George Savile, Mr. Ewer, Sir James Dafrwood, Mr. Fuller, be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Mr. Kyita/lon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett, Lord Carysfort: Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Com-and all the Members who serve for the Counties of mon Grounds, arid Commonable Lands, lying within Chester, Salop, Stafford, and Lancaster: And they are to the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County of Oaf-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the ford.

Speaker’s Chamber. Ordered, That Sir James do carry the Bill t ‘j

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fitzmaurice reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, for di- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Great Tew viding, allotting, and inclosing the Common Field.Lands, Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- Indofwe. within the Parish of Heddington, in the County of Wilts, mon Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in was committed, That the Committee had examined the the Manor, Parish, and Tything, of Great Tew, in the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent RefoThat the Bill do'pass: And that the Title to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee* except be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Two Persons, whose Property in the said Lands amounts Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-to 64 Acres, who being applied to, refused to sign the dows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the'Manor,

Articles, but that the Person who has the Reversion of 50 Parish, and' Tything, of Great Tew, in the’ County of Acres, Part of the said 64 Acres, had signed the Articles, Oxford.

and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be in- Ordered, That Sir James Dashwood do carry the Bill to doled amounts to Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts; the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to

oppose the Bill;, and that the Committee had gone An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Maugetftwy through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Commons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lndofure. unto, which they had directed him to report to the lying in the Hamlet of Min the Parish of House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- on the Wold, in the County of was read the

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Third Time.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Corn-One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, pons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying were agreed to by the House. - in the Hamlet of Mangersbury, in the Parish of Stow on

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Wold, in the County of Gloucester. ingrossed. Ordered, That Lieutenant General Whitmore do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, . v

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to Derby SmaS Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor whom the Petition of the Mayor and Corporation, Bur- Debt*, and Parish of Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, gestes, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of -was read a Second Time. by, in' behalf of themselves, and many others, was refer-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James red, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Dashwood, Mr. Methuen, Sir George Savile, Sir Charles the said Petition; and had directed him' to report the Mordaunt, Mr. Darker, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read . _ Gore, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Holt, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fair- . the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in fax. Sir ArmineWodehonfe, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Vane, Sir . at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is John Glynne, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Willoughby, as followeth; viz.

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Plumptre, M$. Clive, Mr. Buller, Sir To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Mem-

George Colebrooke, Mr Onslow, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Lowndes, ber present informed your Committee, that many small Mr. Fane, Mr. Dyson, Mr, Fairfax, Mr. Mackye, Mr. Debts are contrafted in the said Borough, which, from -Knight, Lord Burgherfh, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Whit- the present Forms of Law, are difficult to be recovered:'

worth; and all the Members who lerve for the Coun- That the establishing a Juriltliftion in the said Borough ties of Kent, Oxford, Bucks, Berks, Gloucester, North amp- - and Liberties thereof, for the more easy Recovery of ton, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Small Debts, would be of great Advantage to tire Inha-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s bitants thereof.

Chamber. Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, with- Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according , in the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof: And to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and that Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. and Lard Frederick

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: avendij, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. And. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. - A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Anguish: . The Ix>rd Carysfort prefenfed to the House, according Mr. Speaker, v

to Order, a Bill to enable the most Noble Francis Duke The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled,- An Act Tonbridge of Bridgewater to extend a Branch of his Navigable Cut for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the toMare*i«14

or Canal, upon Sale Moor,-in the County of Chester, Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County

to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said Court- of Kent, to the Crop Ways, heat MaresfUd Street, in ---

ty: And the same was received; and read the First the County of Su/Jex, ‘without any Amendment: And

Time. also, .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. . Tbd Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act GwendrattH

to enable Thomas Kymtr, Esquire, to make a Navigably Navigation.

An ingrossed. Bill for dividing and inclosing th* Com- Cut or Canal, from near the

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, ' Town of to the Great Foreff and Pwl, Lfygod,

Vol. 30. 7 K in

5 86

17° Februarii.

A \ 17

Account: Imports and Exports.

in the County of Carmarthen, without any Amendment.

And then the Mcftengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. lParfons, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the* Duties paid on Molasses imported into the Northern Colonies in for the Three last Years, ending at Christmas

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majority;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuiidings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed

0

Stfio

T *nr"crna,n6 " ! <o be clone upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Or-

distinguishingeach Year and Colony, as 6r as the Ac- d- forth(ftOT I?66j herefeed to the said Con.-count can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Rice exported froqi

Offices and Employments.

the Colonies of North Carolina, South , and Geor-

gia, to any Part of America, to the Southward of South Carolina and Georgia, (race the passing of the Acts by which such Exportation was allowed, as far as such Account can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments > and Morning,

nuttee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions , which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to , receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

' UlC!

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Cormp^ttee of the whole

in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Ad- House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His millions have been omitted to be Stamped, according to Majesty. the several Acts of Parliament now in force for that Purpose.or, having been Stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Stamped; and desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships thereto.

Answer to Address for Account.

Marine

Forces.

American

Colonies.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the American whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, Colonies, which were fpresented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Cwra-a)’, upon the 14th, 2ad, 27th, l&th, and 31st Days Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant Address of Saturday last, that His Majesty would be gra- February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, up-ciously pleased togive Directions, that the Account there- on the 3d and 1 oth Days of this Instant February, by His in mentioned might be laid before this House, had been Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

, e . , -T r l if resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

, Mr. Pref"ttd <0 Ho"r'- by H" consider further of the several Papers, which were pre-

aj^e ty s onunands fented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Como ay, upon the

Copies and Extracts of Letters from several [AmericanHth> 22d> ,-th> l8t^ and 3lft DJays of last,

and the 5th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and this Day, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the Giid Committee this Day, except Beefton Long and Richard Oswald, Esquires, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly, that the Or- WeHs der, made upon Monday last, for taking into further Con- tliftian. The said Papers are preserved amongst the other federation, Tomorrow Morning, the Petition of Robert Papers of this Session. Esquire, Mayor of the City of Wells, in the Coun-

ty of complaining of an undue Return for the

Aeqjunt, Ordered, That the Accounts presented to the House said City, might be now read,

Impora and -this Day, by Mr. Par fens, from the Commissioners of the And the said Order being read accordingly;

Customs, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Or</weJ, That the further.Confederation of the said Pe- Papers of this Session. - tition be further adjourned till fVednesday Morning next.

That Paris Taylor, Esquire, High Sheriff of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to . the County of Somerset, and Wilbm Ktatt, Senior Mailer

of

presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Charles Tswn/hend, Mr.- Tucker, and - Mr. Bulla, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Governors, to the Lords- Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated in the Months of Novemba and December last.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, t2d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and toth Days of this Instant

February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command

6 Geq. III. 17^ BUruiarii. 585

Wells

£lc£tiou.

American

Colonies,

of the said City of Wells, Who: tvene ordered ta attend frorii the.Qiid to the-T&Wtf of! Ba t tell, in this House Tomorrow Morning, do attend this House the said County; was read a Second T«nfc.

upon Wednesday Morning next". i?«/bA/&i, That thelJill'bek:ominrtted toMr.SW/oyMr.

- \ Grajij iMr. Pbmtant, Mr.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Mr LLord Grey, Mr- Bull, MW Tuesday lad, for ,hearing, at the Bar of this House, To- Pkoryth Mr. Buller, Sir Charles Mordaitnt, Mr. L&tVit,-morrow Morning, the Matter of the Petition of the Bur- ME Gray, Mr. Gqre, Mf, Coventry, Mir. Grjy, Sir gcffes and -Freemen of the City or. Borough:.of Wells, Cave, Mr. OJbaidefioti, Si? George&avUe,iiAr. Bitfr'e/^lsAk in the County of Somerset, on behalf of themselves.and Fuller, Mr. Grenville, Lord Iffbudne, Lord George ZattX-others. Voters of the said City or Borough'; and also vide, Lord Frederick’ Catkpbe/f, MMr/ Bifi-the Matter of the Petition oiBeUrr;Taylor, Esquire; feve- rell, Nlt:JenniHgs, FAv. PdzonJheHd,tllt. ffard, F/it.ShiffAek, rally complaining of an*undue Election and Return for Sir John Delaval, Sir Edward Pur tier, Mr. Holt: and ali the said City; might be now read. . ! . the Members who servefor the CoUntieshf Si&r'tly,

And the said Order being, read Accordingly; Kent, and Southampton; and for the Cinqtie Ports And

Ordered, That the said Qrdfcr be discharged* I they are to meet this’ Afternoon* ast Tivi of the Gloefc,

Ordered, That, the Matter of the said Petitions be in the Speaker’s Chamber, heard at the Barof this House, upon fVcdntfday Morning . -l

next.: , >- . An ingossed Bill for xsaX\xsoFvt\ti%JeknPierre Michel, WicbeP*

Wasre^d the Third ’Time. *t;

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell have Leave to Reftlved, That the Bill do paE: And that the Title make a Motion. be. An Act for naturalizing Jean PierreMichet.

: And he moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That - Mr. Lewis do carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That James Glen, Esquire, do. Tomorrow Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to

.whom it is referred to consider further of the several Mr^jBKrr^//reported from the COmrnittee, to whom the Then ford Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Se- Bill for dividing and indoling the Common Fields, Com- Inclosure. cretary Conway, upon the 14th, a ad, 17th, 28th, and mon Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds,

31st Days of January last, and the 5th and 10th Days of and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of this Inf tan t February, and this Day, and by Mr. Chan- 3lhenford, otherwise Ftnford, in the County of cellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of awlpton, wa6 committed] That the Committee haclexa-|his Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command. - mined the Allegations, of the Bill, drift found the same to

be true; and that the.Parties concerned had given their And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Consentto thoBVII, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

Morning, Nine of the Clock. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had <directed him to reporCfotheHouse;’ and he read the ‘ - " 1; . r Report in his Place; 'and afterwards delivered the

Bill, with the-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second kittle, Dne by Dne; and, upon1 the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ’ -T '; ' '* '

Ordered, That'-the Bill*1 with the Amendments, be ingrafted. ' ' ’;

Martis, 18° die Februarii; Anno 6* Georgii-IIl*11 Regis, 1766.

PR AYE

Window A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and ludofure.J il Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, -in the Township of bVinJloin the County of Bucks, vtzs read a Second Time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Thorolon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pawnjhend, Lord Grey, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Holt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grey, Mr. itor-

rell, Sir George Savile, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bull, Sir

Glynne, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Fincent, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lewis, i^ord Verney, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Charles Tynie, Mr.

Molesworth, Sir Armine iVodehouse, Sir

Charles M or daunt, Mr. Rolle, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Carysjort, Mr. Lafccl/es, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. Hume, Lord Lord

ville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Bedford, Berks, and Northampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the . Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. n

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Street, near made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for l$wcs Road, repairing the Hoads from the North End of Mallkg Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Roadifotn the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike r . Hoad leading from the Turnpike Road on

through the Parishes of Etchinghm jwd Butyvftjhy a§d

V9L. 30.

Ordered, That the Commitee, to whotA the Petition Surrey and of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution feve- Sussex Roads, -ral Acts of Parliament, ^fled in the Fd\3-fh, Sixt^, Tand' " ";

Tenth Years of thel Reign of his late Majesty' (King i "

George the First, and of the-Fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the-Second, for repairing several RiaijS,

-in, the Counties of Surrey and Suffeic; and also of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,' iritituldd, An Act for explaining and amending, and making more elFeAuaF feveVal Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of im 'late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing, the several Roads therein ihehtiorted, in the Counties of Surrey,

Kent, and Sussex; and-for enlarging the Terms and Powers, by the said Acts granted; and for repairing the Roads lying between Nonesuch and Worcefieh Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the County of Surrey; was referred j be revived.

' Sir George-Savtle presented to the House according to Arndift Order, a Bill for dividing and-inclosing the fevfcral Stinted Inclosure. Pastures, called Cow Close, West Moorand Clowder, otherwise Clowther, within the Township of Arncliffe, in the . West Hiding of the- County of York: And the same was received ;*and read the First Time,

-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

7 A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, &c.

lV\ illas.Pump, in the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, through , and Great

Driffield,

j88 18 'Feiruarii.^.17

Godstone to Eait Grin-j Acid Road.

Driffield, to Kendell House; and from Molfcroft to Bdif- Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Or^ Liverpool ton Balk, in the said Aiding; was read a Second Time.. dery;a Bill for the better Regulation of Pilots for the Pilots.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port Jfafjlf, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pttlerson, Sir Charles Mot- of Liverpool: And the same was received; and read the

daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Jennings, Lord Grey, Mr. Pen- First Time.

nafity Mr. Rootle, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr Shiffner, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gore, , Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bagot, Mr. T. Pitt,

.Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Sir Thomas Cave, , A Message born the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Sr Edward Turner,-Lord George Sackville, Mr. T/irale, Cuddont

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hume, Mr. Clive, Mr. Coventry, Me. . Mr. Speaker,

Lowndes, Mr. Fonereatr, and alLthe Members who serve The. Lords have agreed to the' Bill, intituled, An Exportation for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, Durham, Act to.prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt; of Com, &c. Northumberland, Wiftmore land, Cumberland, and Lan- Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited after: And they ate to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Time, without any Amendment: And also, the Clock, in the.Spcaker’s Chamber. The Ldrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation

for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from otCoin,&c. Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, to His. Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, whom the fhfrfof enlarging the Term and Powers of an for a limited Time, free of Duty, without any Amend*

Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing ment: And also,

Jthe'Road from Gpdflone, in thej County of Surrey, to High i The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation Gate, in the Parish of East Gritstead, in the County of for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into fcc.

SujfeXi was committed, That the Committep had etca- this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty free, without mined the Allegations, of the Bill, and found the same any.Amendment; And also,

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through t The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dufies on the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;Which for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Malt. fcc, they had directed him to report to the House; -and be Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Ser-read the Report in t)is Place; and afterwards delivered vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: fix, without any Amendment: And also.

Where the Amendments were 0.nce read throughout; The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Matthews’* and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the dissolve the Marriage of John with Anne Mat- Divorce.

Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amend- thewsnow Wife, and to enable him to marry again $ ment to One of them, agreed to by the House. and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be Lords desire the Concurrence of this" House. ingrafted. And then the Messengers withdrew.,

3t*

ui

Kt

Dr-

It

iff’l

Sutthoff (and Mr. Jennings presented to the House, according to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- General another’s) Order, a Bill for naturalizing GtdkardSutthoff. and John Tnittee who are appointed to consider of a proper Plan* Index to

Nat. Peter Cornud: And the same was received; and read for making a General Index to the Printed Journals of J°urn*l*. the First Time* this House.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Gen-Marine Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Q<- tlcmen. Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders*. Manufactur- Canal.

Forces. der, a Bill for regulating His Majesty’s Marine Forces, ers, and Tradesmeri, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in while on Shore: And the same was received v.and read the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, whose the First Time. Names are thereunto subscribed; which was presented to

Resolved, That the- Bill be read a Second Time. the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered-to lie

upon the Table; might be again read.

WildenFerry Mr. Bagot presented to the House, according to Or- And the same was read accordingly, on the Trent der, a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire *?. M^ey. the River Trent, at or near WildenFerry, in the County Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-KiverCanal. Derby, to or near Swarkstone and Willington, in the thine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, as it fruit said County, Wichnor, Rudgeley, Stone, and Burslem, 'm appear to them, to the House:

the County of Stafford, and from thence toor near Law- And it is referred to Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wynn, Sir Thomas

ton and Aftbury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Lord Grey, Mr. Grant, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Grey,

Mersey :And the same was received.; and read the First Mr. Paterson. Sir Sir Walter Bagot, Lord

Time. - Downe, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Strange, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Tudway, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Sir

Edmund Ifham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Coventry,

; A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Lord Granby, Lord VilHers, Mr. Knight, Sir Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was Turner, Lord Lisburne, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. , Mr,

Desertion. rea(] a Second Time, Bertie, Mr. Legh, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Thurlow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr. Walter, Mr.

of the whole House. Mr. Cadogan, Sir Francis Vincent,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ham, Mr. Holt, Sir William Baker, General Howard, Mr. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Burrell, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Sir Mr. Al-

House, upon the said Bill. derman Sir; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, il'orctjisr, Witton Ordered, That Mr. Crew be added to the Gentlemen, \ Somerset, Lancaf.tr, Derby,

B ridge to who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for ham, York, and Warwick: And they are to meet this

Manchester making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-Wi/to)i Bridge, to Nether Knritsford, by or near MoUram ber; and have Power tq fend for Persons, Papers, and Andrew, and from thence to Macclesfield, and from or Records.

. pear Alottram aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of

Chester, and from thence to Manchester, in the County of The House was also moved, that the Petition of the

Lancaster. J uft ices. Aldermen, and Corporation, Merchants*

Ditto.

Bewdley

Canal.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Supply.

Heddington

Inclosure.

East India Company; Qualification of

Proprietors.

Clergymen’s

Orphans

Charity

EAatc.

6 Geo. III. i8° —

chants, Traders, £sV. of JValfallin the County of Stafford, also WiHenha ll, in the County aforesaid, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed: And also.

The Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Hrorcester, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

The Petition of the Bailiffs, Justices, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of in the County of ll'occcfier, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

The Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradd'men of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcrflrr, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

The Petition of the Bailiff, Justices, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of , in the County of Worccjicr, whose Names are thereto subscribed; which were also severally presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred and Twelve thousand Ninehundred Eighty-threc PoundsSix Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Hall-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Resolved, That it is ‘the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Se-venty-seven thousand and Three hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, Docks, Building Slips, Wharfs, and Storehouses, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, fordh idir.g, allotting, and inclosing the Common Field Lands, within the Panlh in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Field Lands, within the Parish of Heddington, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzmauricedo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Proprietors of the East India Stock;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Governors of the Charity

Vol. 30.

190 Februarii. 589

for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Amman whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, <'olori, es-which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th and iotb Days of this Instant February, and Yesterday, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they

had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5 th and 10th Days of this Instant February, and Yesterday, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii III‘U Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

SIR Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Battersea whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names Bridge, are thereunto subscribed, living in and near , in

the County of Surrey, and Chelsea, in the County of Md-dlesex-, and also the Petition of the Right honourable John Earl Spencer-, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and hai directed him to report the fame, as it appeared tc them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions; Mr.

George Stephenson, being examined, said. That the prefen t Ferry between Battersea and Chelsea is frequently dangerous, and in frosty Weather, and in high Winds, it is impracticable to pass over the fame; that if would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Two Places, if a Bridge was erected at or near the said Ferry, by which Means a more safe and commodious Communication would be opened between the said Counties of Surrey and Middlesex, and would be of great Utility to the Public.

Thomas Parker Esquire, being examined, said, That Ixird Spencer is ppflefled of the said Ferry, and is willing and desirous, at his own Expence, to build a Bridge at or near the said Ferry, upon having a reasonable Toll granted to him.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, from Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to Battersea, in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Francis Vincent, Lord and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

7 L Sir

59°

190 Felrnarii.

A \ 1766.

Samy nd Sir Francis Vincent reported from die Committee, to Safes Road*, whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Surrey and Stiffen-, and also of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending, and malting more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of,

Kent, and Suffix-, and for enlarging the Terms and Powers by the said Acts granted; and for repairing the Roads lying between Nonesuch and Worcester Parks in the Parish of Cuddington, in the County of Surrey; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-

eth; viz

worth, through Garrat, to TootinAnd that Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Howe, Mr. Onslow, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Thnr/e, Mr. Clayton, and Sir Joflph Mawby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir Abraham l/aac Ellon Baronet, being examined, laid, That several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said City, are very narrow and incommodious, which is agreat Inconvenience to the Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in and near the lame, and a Hindrance to Trade and Commerce; that the said Inconveniences might be remedied, and several new Streets and Pafl’ages made, if Power was given to widen or alter the said narrow Streets, and to purchase such Edifices and Ground as may be found ne-

Riiftol

is*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the fe- cefiary for that Purpose. veral Acts of the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of his That the Acts passed for cleansing, paving, lighting, late Majesty King George the First; and also the Act of watching, and regulating the Streets and Places within

the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 2d, were severally read; whereby it appeared, that several Powers were granted to the Trustees to repair the Roads therein mentioned: Then,

Mr. Roger Peek, Clerk to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees had proceeded in repairing the said Roads; and he produced to your Committee an Account, whereby it appeared, that there was

the said City, and for preventing Annoyances on the Keys and Wharfs, and upon the Banks of the Rivers Avon and Frootne, have been found defective; and that,

it would tend greatly to the Convenience of the Inhabitants, and be of Benefit to Trade, if the said Acts were explained and amended, and Powers given to restrain the Carriage of excessive Weights within the said City, and to prevent Nuisanccsand Obstructions, by Spouts, Signs, now owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls JT. 10,250, and Posts, and ruinous Buildings, or otherwise; and also and that Half a Year’s Interest at 5 per Cent, would be more effectually to prevent Obstructions and Annoyances due upon the same at Lady Day next: Then, on the Banks of the said Rivers, and incroachmentsupon

James Turner, being examined, said, That he was a the said Streets, by the projection of Buildings or Other-Farmer and Carrier, and lived at Ryegate-, and that he wife; and for the Better cleansing Common Scweis and travels through the Road leading from Smitham Bottom, Drains within the said City and Liberties, to the End of fVooley Lane, next Ryegate; and that the A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

said Road was in a ruinous Condition, too narrow, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for could not be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages,

Which Evidence wasconfirmed by Two Memberspresent. within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Thomas Strong Esquire, said, That he is well acquainted Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, with the Road from the Town of Wandflworth through amending, and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts Garrat, to Tooting, which is impassable at some Times of passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and the Year, and that the same cannot be repaired by the regulating the Streets, and other Places within the said ordinary Course of Law: Then your Committee pro- City, and Liberties thereof: And that Sir Jarrat Smith, ceeded to examine Sir Francis Vincent, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and

Samuel St. Hill Esquire, the Reverend Mr. Allison, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Morgan; who severally said. That the Roads

near and adjoining to the Borough of Southwark, are very A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Muckley dangerous for Passengers by Night, and that the establish- and other Inhabitants of the Town and Pavifh of Dudley, ^'0ljScrvf,c* iag a Nightly Watch and enlightening the fame, would in the County of Worcester, and also the Gentlemen, 0

tend to the Security of the Persons and Properties of the Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish

Passengers: And the last Witness said. That he had been . of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the County of Stafford,

(topped Three Times on the said Road by Highwaymen, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to

and that he and his Servant were (hot at last Winter, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petition-

ers have been informed of a Petition for a Bill to repair the Roads from Muckley Corner, in the said County of Stafford, to the several Places in the said Petition mentioned; and that the Road leading from Horsley Heath to Puppy Green, and from thence to Tipton Green, from the manifest Danger of their Lives.

Mr. Richard Somerfall, Surveyor of the said Roads, being examined, declared, That the said several Acts had in many Particulars been found to be defective. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts Fuppy Green aforesaid, through and along Randle Lane,

of Parliament made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to several Places in

otherwise Park Lane, to the Road leading from Birmingham, to Dudley aforesaid, are become very ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to add the said Road to the said Bill, the Counties of Surrey and Suffix.', and for enlightening , That the said Petition be referred to the Gon-

the said Roads, and establishing a regular Nightly Watch sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of thereupon, to a certain Distance from the uid Borough the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and

other Inhabitants, of IValfall, in the County of Stafford, and of the City of Litchfield, and Places adjacent, whole

Names

of Southwark-, and for repairing the Road from Smitham Bottom, to the End of Wooley Lasse, and from kVaudf-

2Z

h

Paper*

jefpecling

American

Colonies*

idtef

rccr.k

Ro£

6 Geo. III. 19® Februarii.

591

Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Charles Saunders, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrd's to His Majesty,

N® i. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, upon a Memorial from the Right honourable the I jords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, relative to the securing the Revenue arising by the Duties of Customs in America, and the establishing the Judicature of the Courts of Admiralty in that Country, dated 5th of October 1763.

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. , Secre-

tary of the Admiralty, to Mr. , Solicitor of the Admiralty, inclosing a same for the Opinion of the King’s Advocate, Attorney and Solicitor General, relative to the appointing a Vice Admiralty Court over all North America, dated 19th of October 1763.

N° 3. Copy of the Opinion of the King’s Advocate, Attorney and Solicitor General, upon a same which the Solicitor for the Affairs of the Admiralty was directed to lay before them, on the 19th of October 1763, relating to the appointing a Vice Admiral over all North America, with a Court and proper Officers.

N° 4. Copy of a Memorial from the Lords of the Admiralty, to His Majesty in Council, relative to the appointing a Vice Admiral over all North America, with a Court and proper Officers, dated 14th March 1764.

N° 5. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, dated 13th of April 1764, relative to the appointing a Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court for all America.

N° 6. Copy of a Memorial from the Lords of the Admiralty, to His Majesty in Council, dated 24th of April 1764, representing the Necessity of having special Power, their present Commission not authorizing them to appoint a Vice Admiral over all America, with a Court and proper Officers.

N° 7. Copy of His Majesty’s Letters Patent, impowering the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to appoint a Vice Admiral over all America, with a Court and proper Officers, dated 18th of May 1764.

N° 8. Copy of a Warrant from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to Sir Thomas Salisbury, Judge of the High Court of Admi-

ralty, to prepare Letters Patent, appointing Lord Northumberland Vice Admiral of all America, dated 28th May 1764.

N® 9- Copy of a Warrant from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to Sir Thomas Salisbury, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, to prepare Letters Patent, appointing Doctor William Spry, Judge of the Vice Admiralty for all America, dated the 29th of May 1764.

N° 10. Copy of Letters Patent, appointing Doctor William Spry, to be Judge of the Vioe Admiralty of all America, dated the 15th of June 1764.

N° 11. Copy of the Patent constituting Hugh Earl of Northumberland Vice Admiral of all America, dated the 20th of December 1764.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were pre-feoted to the House, by Mr. Secretary upon the

14th, zzd, 27th, 28th, and jilL'Days of January last, and the 5th, 1 oth, and 17th Days of ohis Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d and 1 oth Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Saunders ,from the said Commissioners for Africa* executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ywefented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from Captain Graves, of His Majesty’s Ship the Edgar, to Mr. Stephens, Secretary to the Admiralty, dated off Senegal, the 22d of March 1765. Inclosing,

N° 2. Governor Barnes's Account of the State of the Fort at Senegal,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Commodore Graves, to Mr. Stephens, dated the 4th of August 1765. Inclosing,

N° 4. Return of the Factory and Fort at Senegal.

N° 5. Governor Debat's State of James's Fort Gambia.

N° 6. State and Condition of the Fort of Bance Island.

N° 7. Mr. Dory's Account of Portendie and guiu.

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gamier, of the Shannon, to Mr. Stephens, dated the 24th of October 1765. Inclosing,

N° 9. State and Condition of Anamaboe Fort.

N° 10. State and Condition of Commenda Fort.

N° 11. State and Condition of Secondee Fort.

N° 12. State and Condition of Tantumquery Fort.

N° 13. State and Condition of Accra Fort.

N° 14. State and Condition of Dixcove Fort.

N° 15. State and Condition of Cape N® ru. State and Condition of Winibah Fort.

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Captain Allwrighti of the Spy Sloop, to Mr. Stephens, dated the 17th of May 1765. Inclosing,

N° 18. Captain Alhvright’s Observations on the State of Fort Louis at Senegal.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other’

Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr Speaker, , J A W«ll«gt«n

lhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Small Bebu. Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session o? Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundreds of Blackheatk, of Bromley and Beckenham, of,

otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lejfness, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Walliugton, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fisherwick

Mr. Thurlozv reported from the Committee, to whom Park the Petition of the Right honourable Arthur Earl of Do- fcc*

negall, in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Whittington, in the county of ; and

also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes and Villages of Elford, Uarlafion, Haunton, and CHfton, in the County of Stafford, Netherfeal in the County of -cefier, and Edtttgale in the Counties of Derby and Stafford; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers of the Borough and Parish of in the County of Stafford; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield; were severally referred: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read > and is as foltoweth; viz.

Fisherw ck Park Road, Sec.

Winborn Miniler to Bliodford Jtoad.

592

£9° Febfuarih .1 17

To prove the Allegations of the said several Peti-' tions, the Reverend William being: examined,

laid. That there is a Road from into Leicester-

shire, leading through Huddlesford , on the' North

Side of Lord Douegall’iPark, to the North Gate ofi the said Park, and from thence in Leveral Branches through the said Park, very near his Lordship’s House, over the River Lame, by Three several Fords in the said River; and that the said Branches from the said Fords, unite again on the East Side of the said River, near a certain Mill called Elf or d Mill.

That the said Fords are oftentimes impassable on account of the Floods, and the Conflux of the Rivers Trent and Meefe, near the Mouth of the River Tame, except at One of the said Fords near Elford Hall, where Passengers are conveyed over in small Ferry Boats, and in high Floods are obliged to walk from the Boats over the Meadows through the Water.

That the Road leading from Litchfield into Leicester-shire, through Whittington, and by the South and East Sides of the said Park on the Outside thereof, and over the River Tame at the Southermost of the said-.Fords at Elford Mill, is in general in good Repair, except from Hademove Gate, to the said Ford, which Lord DonegalIpropo.es to repair and maintain at his own Expence.

That there is not at present any Bridge over thfc River Tame, South of Elford Mill, nearer than Hopwas, which is Four Miles from the said Mill, nor any Bridge North of the said Mill, nearer than Salter’s Bridge, which is above Three Miles from the said.Mill; and that the said Hopwas, and Salter's Bridges, are frequently inaccessible in Floods for Foot Passengers-rand, in high Floods, it is dangerous to pal’s with Horses^o* Carriages.

That if a Bridge was erected for the free Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and Travellers at.ill Times, over the River Tame, at Elford Mill, it would establish an easy, sese, and certain Communication between the said City of Litchfield, the Borough of Waif all, and other great Trading Towns and Places on the West Side of the said River, and the Villages of Harlafton,

ton, Clifton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Stafford, Edingale, in the County of Derby, and with The County of Leicester, on the East Side of the said River, whereby the Inhabitants on the East and West Sides of the River, may respectively more conveniently be supplied with Corn, Coals, and Lime.

And that Lord Donegall is willing and desirous to erect and maintain at his own Expence, a substantial and convenient Public. Bridge for the free Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and Travellers at ail Times, over the said River Tame, at Elford Mill, in case he shall be authorized to flop up and discontinue the Use of all' the Roads through and over his Park, and the Fords and Passages leading into the fame.

And the Witness added, That, upon those Conditions, the discontinuing of the several Public Roads through his Lordship’s Park, will not be attended with any Inconvenience to the Public, but will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Country.;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for discontinuing the Use of several Roads, over and leading into Fisherwick Park, in the County of and-

for building a Bridge cross the River Tame, at or near> Elford Mills, in the said County, and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge to Hade-more Gate, in the Road leading through > to

the City of Litchfield: And that Mr. Thurlow and Mr. Wynn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near and usually travelling the High Roads, from

l9

the Cross or; Market Place, in the Town of Winborn Mihfter, in the County of Dorset, through the said Town-and throught the several Parishes, Tyrhings, Villages,; or Hamlets, of Stone, Abbottfircet, Cove grove. King]} on,

Lacy, Shapwicke, Little Crawford, otherwise Tarrant Antiock , Tarrant Ken ft on, Langtcn, Long Blnndford, to-

the Town of Blandf ord Forum, in the iaid County of

Dorset, and through the said Town of Fo-

rum, to the Market Place or Cross there, was referred.

That ithe Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him. to report the feme, as.it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as-followeth; viz.

-In SuppArt of thie Allegations' of the said Petition,

Mr. William Dogget, and Mr. William Dean, being fe-' verally examined, laid, That the said several Roads are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow afnd incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or.

Market Place in the Town of Winborn Minfier, to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset: And that Mr. V ho mas Piit,

Sir Charles Saunders, and Mr. Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the iatoe.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Cromford to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Bridge, &c. Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Derby, ^oacl* whose Namesarethereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Oldham said, That the Road from Cromford Bridge, through Holloway and Erick, to the Turnpike-Road at . or near Langley Mill, is very narrow in many Places, in some Parts very deep and ruinous, and in-general much out of Repair, and the said Road cannot be effectually' repaired by the present Laws.

Mr . George Evans laid, he knows most part of the said Road, it is narrow, and in Winter impassable for Carriages, and the same cannot be repaired and widened by the present Laws.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for. repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Langley Mill, in the said County: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr*

Hewed, Mr. Ckolmley, and Mr. Lascelles, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are" £aft In(ya thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Capital Company; Stock of the United Company of Merchants of Eng- Qualification land,.trading to the East Indies, was presented to the , _of House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners. roP‘ietor*’ find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for regulating Qualifications of the Proprietors of East India Stock; that the Petitioners beg leave to represent to the House, that they conceive it is just and reasonable that all Persons being possessed of Two thousand Pounds, and upwards, in the said Stock, should be enabled to give more than One Vote, at any General Court, called for the Election of the Directors of the said Company, or any of them, or in any Question concerning By-Laws, and in all others relative to the Affairs or Government of the said Company, in some Proportion to their respective Capitals; And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the Purposes

afore-

Royil Assent to Bills.

Moor Fields New Buildings, &c.

6 Geo. III. 190 Februarii. 595

aforesaid, in £uch Manner, and under such Regulations, Ordered, That -Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Cultivation as to the House shall teem meet. encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Prefer- of Tree*,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ,to the vation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs'. And that Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the Qualifi- Mr. , Mr. , Sir William Beauchamp,

cations of the Proprietors of East India Stock, is com- Mr. Gtofvenor, Mr. Blackstone, Sir Joint Glynne, and Mr. mitted. Fullerdo prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That it be* an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Clauses, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, — " , on Rhode — American

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, u 26 December 1765.' — Mr. Samuel Ward, Governor of Colonies, Gentlemen Usher of the Black Red: u that Province, concerning the Resignation of the Dise

.. Mr. Speaker, _ " tributor of Stamps, acquainting my Lords with the

The King commands this honourable House to attend " Opinion of the People there, in respect of the Stamp His Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers. " Act, and requesting their Lordships good Offices with

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up the King and Parliament on their Behalf."- — Received to attend His Majesty. 12 Febru 1766: And also.

And being returned; Copies of Letters from Charles Stuart Esquire, Sur*

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended . veyor General of the Eastern Middle District of Anne-His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty rica, to the Officers of the Customs, and the Commis* was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Pub- sioners of the Customs, dated 8 December 1765. — Relic and Private Bills following; viz. ceived and sent to the Treasury, 11 February 1766: And

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, also, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Copy of a Letter from Mr. Distributor of

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and the Stamps for the Colony of East , dated the 9th Sixty-six: of De 1765. — Received at the Stamp Office the

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of 10th of February 1766.

Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted And the Titles of the said Papers were read. 1 Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from Ireland, for a limited Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Con-Time: sideration of the Committeeof the whole House, to whom

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Com, Grain, it is referred to consider further of the several Papers,

Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary limited Time: Conway, upon the 14th, aid, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days

An Act for allowing the Importation of Corn and of January last, and the 5th, teth, and 17th Daysof this Grain, from His Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exche-Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty: quer upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant February

An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and by His Majesty’s Command.

Oatmeal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty The laid Papers are preserved amongst the Other free: Papers of this Session.

An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the The House being informed, that Mr. from

County of Kent, to the Cross Ways, in Maresfield Street, the Commissioners of Greenwich H<fspital, attended at in the County of Sujffex: the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

An Act to enable Thomas Kymer Esquire, to make a to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Navigable Cut, or Canal, from LittleGwendraeth River, Parliament,

near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great Forefi and Pwll Report from the Commissioners or Governors of Greenwich Llygod, in the County of Carmarthen: the Royal Hospital for Seatnen at Greenwich, of what Hospital.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made Money has been received out of the Rents and Profits of in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundreds of Derand between the 30th of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley, of November 1763, and the ift of December 1764; and otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lejfhefs, in the Coun- of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building s And ty of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County also,

eft Surrey; Report of the Commissioners or Governors of the

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, of what Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Money has been received out of the Rents and Profits Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the of the Estates forfeited by t^e Attainders of James Parish of Great Doddington, in the pounty of North- late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe, be-ampton: - - . - tween the 30th of November 1764, and iftof December

An Act for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmef- 1765; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the ter, John Wienholt, Julius Conrad Bidder, and Peter Building.

Duval. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Reports were read.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition The feid Reports are as followeth; viz, of Thomas Long, of the City of London, Merchant, was referred, be revived.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's fteign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to corttraft and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively:

Vo l. 30. 7 M The

Coloniw.

594

190 Februarii.

A. 17

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, do humbly report as followeth; viz.

That there has been received, between the 30th of November 1763, and the ift of December 1764, out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates,

£ s. d.

On Account of the Annual Rents Lead Mines

L

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising out of the said Rents arid Profits, during that Time, on account of Repairs -

7 >5S9 9 3i

6,460 10 8£

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building, tec.

Finishing Cabins for 32 Pensioners in the EaJfc End of the South Side of King William's Building; fitting up an Office for the Treasurer for paying the Out Pensioners; making additional Calks and Utensils at the Brewhouse; and fitting up a Room for the 2d Matron to keep her Linen in; amounted together to -

Keeping in Repair the Buildings, Furniture, Courts, Road, Drains, Water Pipes, Brewing Vessels, and other Works, amounted together to - -

18 February 1766.

By Order of the Commissioners,

J Secretary.

14,000 o o

£ r. d

218 3 Ij

£ d. 400 4 2

1,711 2 8

2,111 6 10

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, . intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe,

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the ealieft and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively:

The Commissionen or Governors of the said Royal Hospital, do humbly report as followeth; viz.

That there has been received, between the 30th of November 1764, and the ift of December 176$, out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates,

On Account of the Annual Rents -

The Dues of Lead Ore not having been fold this Year, the Profits arising therefrom cannot be ascertained.

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the said Rents, during that Time, on account of Repairs -

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

At a new Building for an Infirmary,

Digging and carting away the Ground, building the Wall up to the Cornice, putting on the Roof of the Eall and West Wings, and letting Part of the Great Cornice, have amounted together to -

The Ordinary Works.

Keeping in Repair the Buildings, Furniture, Courts, Roods, Drains, Water Pipes, Brewing Vessels, and other Works, have amounted to ——

£.’ s. d. 8,500 o o

748 16 2

£. S. dm

7,850 10 7

1,416 13 II

By Order of the Commissioners,

9,267 4 6

18 February 1766.

John Ibbetson, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary , upon

the 14th, 22d, 27th, 2th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, loth, and 17th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d and 10th Days of this Instant , by His Majesty’s Command, be now read.

And the said Oder being read accordingly 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways4nd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-plygranted to His Majesty;

The House was moved, that the Twelfth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 30th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That all Linen Cloth and Diaper of

Russia, which are not at present particularly rated in " any Act of Parliament, or Book of Rates, be, upon " the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, rated in

" Manner

>£isar.

Wells

Election.

Ditto.

6 Geo. III. 19 *Febrttarii595

" Manner following; that is to say, all such Cloth and " Diaper, being in Breadth more than Twenty-two " Inches and One half of an Inch, and not exceeding Thirty-one Inches and One half of an Inch, at Four " Pounds, and, being in Breadth more than Thirty-one " Inches and One half of an Inch, and not exceeding " Forty-five Inches, at Six Pounds, and, exceeding " Forty-five Inches in Breadth, at Ten Pounds, for " every One Hundred and Twenty Ells there-

" of respectively, and so in proportion for any greater " or letter Quantity; and that the full Amount of " the several Duties now required by Law, to be paid " for every Twenty Shillings of the Value of the said " Goods, be raised and collected according to the said " respective Rates."

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties, and for encouraging the Linen Manufactute of the Isle of and for allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Restrictions and Regulations, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties, upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of RuJJio.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meads for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Petition of Robert Esquire, Mayor of the City of in the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue Return‘for the said City;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of .'

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Pri-velegesand Elections, from offering Evidence, touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was read.

And the last Determination of the House, made upon the 18th Day of April 1729, concerning the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Some; whereby it was resolved, that the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Matters, Burgesses, and Freemen of the said City, who were admitted to their Freedom in any of the

Vol. 30.

Seven Companies within the said City, being the reunto

inti tied by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage, was allb Eleaion*

read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to shew whkbTime the Writ for electing of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, in the Room of the Right honourable Henry Lord in the Kingdom of Ireland, now Lord Digby, Baron Digby of Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, called up to the House of PeeTs, was received by the Sheriff of the County of Somerset, and the Behaviour of the Mayor of the said City, with respect to receiving the Sheriff's Precept.

And then the said Witness was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in; and further examined.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in*

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was further heard, and examined several other Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove the Mayor’s refitting to go into the Borough to receive the Precept.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to shew the Manner of Mr. William Keate, the Senior Matter of the said City, proclaiming the Election and taking a Poll.

And having offered to produce the said Poll, taken before the said Senior Matter;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, having objected to the same being produced; they were.heard upon that Point.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard in answer thereto.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Poll taken at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, by Mr. William Keate, be brought up j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, after the Word " Keate," these Words, " who was not the proper Returning Officer at the said Election."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Main Question, thus amended, being put.

That the Poll taken at the last Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, by Mr. William

Keate, who was not the proper Returning Officer at the said Election, be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} M-

Tellers for the Noes, ^}'66'

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Kefo-lution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Morning

next.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Pe- Ditto, tition of Robert Tudway, Esquire, Mayor of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue Return for the said City, be further adjourned till tuesday Morning next-.

Ordered, That Paris Taylor, Esquire, and Mr. William

Keate,

t

596 19® — ai° F 17

Keate, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2 i*;

Anno 6* Georgii IIltW Regis, 1766.

Pr a yers.

Strethim A BILL for draining and preserving St ret ham Dramage, jr\. mon, in the Parish of in the Isle of Ely,

in the County of Cambridge; and for the building of a Bridge over the River between the said Common and other Commonable Fen Lands, in the said Parish; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Holt, Mr. Mills, Mr.

Mr. Willoughby, Mr Fonereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Mr. Kynaston,

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fucker, Lord Sir

Roger Newdigate, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ward, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morant, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Coutts, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Jackfo Mr. Byde, Mr. Neville, Mr. Cajwall, Mr. Tvwrshend, Mr. Bentiuck, Mr. Plumer, Lord Strange, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Jarrit Smith; and all the Members whoservefor the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Lincoln, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duke of . A Bill to enable the most noble Francis Duke of

Bridge- Bridgewater, to extend a Branch of his Navigable Cut,

NaWgition. or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of

to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carysfort, Mr. Neville, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wood, Mr. Gray, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Lord Garlics, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Birt, Lord Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Buller, Lord Hinchinbrook, Mr. Ongley, Mr, Ward, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bentinck, Mr. Hewett, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Downe, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Garth, Mr. Coventry, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Derby, Stafford, Nottingham, York, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brigham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, IncMurc. Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of

Foflon, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tuf-veil, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Jackson, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Befl, Mr. Cooke, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Morant, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Robert Long, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Drake, Lord Burgherjk, Mr. Wood; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lancaster, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3

A Petition of Renira Bentinck, was presented to the Bentinck* House, and read; Praying that her Name may be in- ^*t-ferted in the Bill depending in the House, for naturalizing Godhard Suthoff and John Peter Cornud.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the-Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Molesworth reported from the Committee, to’stmtoa whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Road*. Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the ‘'Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

John Walter said. That he knows the Road from the Town of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, and the several other Roads described in the said Petition; that they are very ruinous, and in many parts narrow and very deep; and that the same cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Town of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Molesworth and Sir George Yonge do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John Sebright presented to the House, according Bath Small to Order, a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery Debt*, of SmalJ Debts, within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to remove, and regulate the public Markets gath Street*, in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets,

Ways, and Padages, within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there; to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sebright, Mr. FonereauJAv. Jackson, Mr Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Lord Mr. Tucker, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ward, Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Way, Mr. Clive, Mr. Morant, Mr. Buller, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Armine Mr.

Hamilton, General Lambton, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Befl, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Neville, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Smerfet,

Dorset, Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom High the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders and Bridges, fcc. others, of the Counties of Stafford and Derby, residing Roa^‘-near unto and using the Road leading from the City of Litchfleld,o\cx High Bridges, through Hill, R:dware, Abbots Bromley, Uttoxeter, Spath, Crakemarsh, Rorwcester, Ellaflon, and Mathfield, over Hanging Bridge, to in the County of Derby, and also of several of the Tru feces appointed by or under an Act of Parliament, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of

Parliament,

.﻿# High Bridge* Road.

T onbridffe to Ringles Crofi Road.

6 Geo. III.

Parliament, made ill 2d and 17th Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Colefhi/l,in the County of W through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of dirtier, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for enlarging the Terms and Powers in the said several Atfls; and also of several of the Trustees, appointed by or under another Act of Parliament, pali'cd in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A£1 for repairing and widening the High Road, leading from AJkbourne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon ,j Russian Common, to Cong!eton, in the County of and also the Road leading from in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blowe, to the Turnpike Road from AJkbourne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto respectively subscribed; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition the said Acts were read:

Mr. Francis Bcrrisford, being examined, said, That the

Roads leading from High Bridges, through Rid-ware, and Abbots Hr on: toy, to Uttoxeler, and from Spath, through Crakmarsh, Rowrefier, , and Math-field to Hanging Bridge, and from through

King’s Bromley, to Toxal Bridge, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

That in order to put the said Roads into sufficient Repair, it will be necessary to build several Bridges across the Fords that are upon the said Roads, which are at present very dangerous to Passengers passing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from to Hanging Bridge, and from Lane, to Toxall

Bridge, in the said County: And that the Lord Grey, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Bagct, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Mr. Pturner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the several Counties of Kent and Sussex, and of the several Persons usually travelling the Road from London to Tunbridge Wells, in the said County of Kent, and from thence to Uckfield, Lewes, and Brighthelmston, in the said County of Sussex,

was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Jifias Smith, being examined, said, That the Road from the Tunbridge Turnpike, at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ropers Gate, in the County of Sussex, and from thence through Erridge Green, and Boarjhead Street, to CrozvbttrroughGate, and from thence through

Pound gale Lane, and Five Ashen Down to Ringles Cross, near Uckfield, in the said County of Sussex, is impassable lor Wheel Carriages in the Winter, and in some Parts very narrow, and is dangerous for Persons travelling at all Times; and that the same cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Mr. Francis Ellis, being examined, said, he had surveyed the said Road; and confirmed the above Evidence.

Vol. 50.

597

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Plamer and the Lord Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, relblved itself into Army* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Desertion Payment of the-Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him ' to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Thenford Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Inclosttre-dows. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of Thenford otherwise in

the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish of Thenford otherwise Fenford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lloyd, Distributor of American Stamps for the Colony of South Carolina, dated 12th Colonies. December 1765.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by Mr.-Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, i2d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, and 17th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, and 19th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Wayiamf-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- Means, red to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1766, upon Lands, Te- 1 nemerns, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Per-lonal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

7 N Resolved,

2 i° Febru

Supply Bl Duties on l ea, &c.

American

Colonies.

598 2I° — 24°

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made to remove all Doubts concerning the ascertaining of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of in purSuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better securing, and " further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs,

" Excil'e, Inland, and Salt Duties, and for encouraging " the Linen Manufacture of the Hie of and for

" allowing the Importation of several Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Restrictions and Regulations;" and for supplying an Omission in the said Act, by declaring that all unrated Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, being in Breadth more than Twenty-two Inches and One Half, and not exceeding Thirty-one Inches and One Half, were, by the said Act, intended to be rated at Four Pounds for every One hundred and Twenty EElls thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Times were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Tczmfield.Junior, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. So-

licitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Februarii. jt. 17

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fuller also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again,

ResolvedThat this House will, upon TucfJay Seven-night, the 4th Day of March next, teiolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presenteJ to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, tad, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, and 17th Days of this Instant February, and this Day, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, torh, and 19th Days of this Instant February, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

; The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of Four Shillings per Pound Weight,

upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for pursuing Offenders out of one County into another; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, inti-' tuled. An Act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Spirituous Liquors in Calks or Vessels, not containing Sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of Six Pounds, found on board any British Ship or Vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India Company, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and hring in, the said Bill, or Bills, that they do make Provision, in one of the said Bills, for obviating any Doubts, relating to the granting of Licences for the Importation of Tea, in pursuance of the said Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, V) consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January fall, and the 5th, 10th, and 17th Days of this Instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, and 19th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command;

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from Governor Thomas to Mr. Secretary Conway, Antigua, December aift 1765. Received 12th February 1766. Inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Tuckett, Distributor of the Stamps for St. Kitts and to Governor

Thomas. Nevis, 5 th December 17 65.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Lunec, 2 40 die Febr

Anno 6° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

JpEnira Bentinck took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell be added to the Gen- ofwatd’t »Bd tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Lord Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right Sackville’* honourable James Oswald, and the Right honourable j^jhificuioa George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackvi/le.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Pilots for the con- Liverpool dufting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Pilot*. Liverpool, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Strange, Lord Carysfort, Mr. ley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. , Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Montagu, Lord Ferney, Mr. Btiller, Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Grant, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Sir William Meredith, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Mexborough,

Lord George Cavendish, Mr. CholmondMr. Eger ton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Kemys Mr.

Clive, Mr. Kynaflcn, Mr Nugent, Mr. By do. Sir

der Grant, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord George Sackville, Sit William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester,

York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hezvett reported from the Committee, to whom Spittlegate

the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put Hill, &c in execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, the _ ‘ one in the Twelfth of King George the First, the other in the Twelfth of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham: and also the Petition of several of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Nottingham, living in and near the Town of East Retford, in the said County; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed to put in execution Two several Acts of Parliament, made, the one in the 7 Twelfth

6 Geo. III.

2 40 Februarii.

599

Twelfth of King George I. the other in the Twelfth of King George II. for repairing the lload from Spittlegate. Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham-, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to tire House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and of the Twelfth of King George the Second were read: Then,

Mr. John Lilly, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads described in the First Petition, which are not yet sufficiently repaired; and that the Powers granted by the said Acts have been in many Particulars found defective; that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, which are still due, and the Creditors will be great Sufferers, unless the Term be enlarged; nor can the Roads be kept in Repair from Spittlegate Hill to Fojion Bridge.

Mr. John Bright said, That £. ioooo and upwards, raised by private Subscription, had been laid out upon Bawlry, to Markham Common, and from Drayton to Twiford; that the Roads are still bad and ruinous, and in many Places too narrow; that the repairing the same would be of public Utility, but that the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of Two Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hi/l, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill, to Fojion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Heivett, Lord George and

Lord George Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Bavjtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Lwiford Bridge in the said County: And that Mr. Hewett, Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Sutton, and Mr. Willoughby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

kfpton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

lodofare. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Repton, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Lord Grey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fuller, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fomreatt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. head, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Burrell, Lord Strange, Sir John Delaval, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Sandys, Sir

George Warren, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Harris, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Byde, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. John Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hujfey;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, Warwick, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Oswald'i and Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according W . t to Order, a Bill to enable the Right honourable James ^Kficadon Ojwald, and the Right honourable George Sackville, com-

bin. on monly called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

\ O L. 30.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Whitechapel Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the foot.

Poor, and Parishioners, of the Parish of St. , Whitechapel, within the Tower Division, and County of Middlesex, the Liberty of His Majesty’s Tower of London, and Liberty of the City of London, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivereditinat the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor in the said Parish, was read; whereby Power is given to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish, and to alter, repair, and fumish any Buildings within the same, for receiving, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the said Parish, or to build or hire any House or Houses within the said Parish, for the Purposes aforesaid; and to raise the Sum of £. 4,000, to be charged on the Rates authorized to be levied by the said Act.

Mr. Thomas Price, Treasurer to the Trustees appointed by the said Act, being examined, said, That the said Trustees had endeavoured, several Times, to purchase Lands for erecting a Workhouse, but without Effect; for the Proprietors, knowing that they were confined to the Parish, always asked them an exorbitant Price: Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Robert Brownfon and Mr. John Moore, Two of the said Trustees; and all the said Witnesses agreed, that there is a Piece of Ground, which was formerly used as a Burying Ground, on the North Side of Whitechapel Road, near the London Work-house, which would be extremely proper for the Scite of a Workhouse for the Poor of the said Parish; and that the said Parish have Three Acres of Ground adjoining thereto, which is now lett upon Lease, Twenty-six Years of which are yet unexpired.

Mr. Edward Hawkins, being examined, said, That he had surveyed the said Burying Ground, which is about Three Quarters of an Acre; that this will be a very commodious Place for a Workhouse; and that there are not any Tomb Stones on that Part where the House is proposed to be built.

Mr. William Hamilton, being examined, said. That it was intended to remove the Bodies from that Part of the Burying Ground, where the House was to be built, and to inter them decently in another Part of the Ground; and to bury no more there for the future: That the other Burying Grounds belonging to the Parish are sufficient, in his Opinion, with proper Management; but, if not, the Parishioners have contracted for another.

Mr. William Kirby, one of the Churchwardens of the said Parish, being examined, said, That the Expence of maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the said Parish, is much greater at present than it would be if a Workhouse was built.

Mr. Thomas Deming, being examined, said, That there are many Pieces of Ground near or adjoining to the faict Parish, which would be very convenient for building a Workhouse, particularly a Place called The Mulberry Gardens, which he thought as convenient a Situation as possible.

Mr. John Billington, being examined, said, That the Trustees have already borrowed £.1,100 on the Credit of the said Act, upon Annuities for Lives.

That feme Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Act, particularly to impower the Trustees to raise a larger Sum of Money, and to allow them to give larger Interest than Nine/>fr Cent. Life Annuities; and that several additional Powers are wanting to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to tender more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining, regulating.

6oo

2 40 Februarii.

A. 1766.

lating, and employing thre Poor within the Parish of St. Two Act?, one of the Twelfth of King George the First; Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; And tl at Mr. Cooker cl Sir William Beauchamp Prohor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Little

HorwGod

Inclosure.

Haverhill to Red Croft Road.

The Eirl Ferney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, -in the Pari 111 ot Little ILrzeood, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing within the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Jeremiah Lag den, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to a certain Place called the Red Cross, ifi the Parish of She ford, in the County of Cambridge, is in a ruinous Condition, is in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and the Lord Carysfort do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

— . '*' 7 r

and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Map-fly, lor dg'-t Gate

repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the RoiJ* Top of Kingsdozvn Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afteiwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, WiUington to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willing ton, in the County of Derby, was committed, That the -Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Codding ton Inclostic.

Bill, with the Amendments, The House being informed, that proper Blanks were ingrossed. not left in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, called Cuddington, or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from mv

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Parish of We\ierham, in the County of Chester, which,

upon the 17th Day of this Instant February, was read a Second Time, and committed.

punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill;

M'uiny a t-i Ddfertion.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Hid Bill "5 "hdi":.a<?1. h,on? to reP°rf " the ,dou.ft'

A U IT L AC , -a-__A and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

commuted, be dischatged from proceeding the re- ,iveKd |he Bill_wi£the Amendme, ts, in at the Clerk’s

Wilden Ferry on the Trent to Mersey River Canal.

upon

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

A Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden , in the County of Derby, to or near Szvarkstone and Willington, in the said County, Whichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and , in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and Afibury, in the County of Chester, and to the River MerJey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Mr. Fonereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Gilbat, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Dyson, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte , Mr. Pennant, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Granby, Mr. Hoivard, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Harris, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Lord George

Cavendish, Lord Strange, Mr. Gore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord George Sutton, Mr. Bootle, Sir George Mr. Plumer, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Price, Mr. Bertie, Lord Barrington, Mr. SAnttleworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, , Chester,

cajicr, York, Lincoln, Nottingham, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Barrington, Sir John Gibbons, St. Andrew Sir Edward Bayntun, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Wilbraha Holbouro, Bootle, Mr. George Clive, Mr. Jack, Mr. Eames, Mr. t^e':U, c‘ Powell, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Gascoyne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Saint Andrew Holbourn, above the Bars, and Saint George the , in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

A Bill for regulating His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or- Supply fill’s der, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land l*»adT«. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year

M&rint

Forces.

6 Geo. III. 24° Felruarii. 601

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six: And Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard,

the same was received; and read the First Time. at the Bar of this House, upon the 2 ill Day ot

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. April next.

1

Ur

Mr*

Supply Bill; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Or-. Duties on* der, a Bill to remove all Doubts, concerning such Part KuffiaLinen, Df an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as re-c‘ lates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia-, and to obviate a Doubt, with respect to the Power of granting certain Licences for the Importation of Tea, under the Authority of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First Time. £

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, Mer-Stamp Act. chants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of the City of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Stagnation of Trade to the Colonies in

America, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the late Stamp Act, and other Restrictions atfecting that Trade, is severely felt by many of the Petitioners, and fills them with the moll alarming Apprehensions, fore-seeing in a great Measure their own, and the inevitable Ruin of Numbers of their Fellow Subjects, if some effectual Means are not immediately applied to recover and preserve so inestimable a Branch of Commerce to these Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, anA give such Relief as to the House Dull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, aid, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of this inllant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of this inllant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Sinking Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-k'und. count of the Income of, and the Charges upon, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, from the 10th Day of October to the 5th Day of January last.

Militia Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Pay and an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of Clothing, the Militia, in that Part of Britain called England, and of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Onslow, Sir John Turner, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hobart, Lord Strange, Mr. Nugent, Sir George Savile, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Wedderbnrn, Mr. Tow Mr. Sir Richard

'Philipps, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Rice, Mr. Campbell, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Befl, Lord Mountftuart, Mr.

Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Price, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sir Beauchamp

ProRor, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Mr. Gilbert, Mr, Elliot, Mr. Thomas Mr. Rigby, Mr.

John Pitt, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Mr. Seymour,

Colonel Barre, Mr. Holt, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harris, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Tavistock, Sir James Dashwood, Mr. Gray, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Pocock: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Pembroke The House was moved, that the Petition of Hugh £lection. Owen, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

VOL, 30.

Ordered, That Peter Taylor, Esquire, be at Liberty to Weil* withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election Eledioa. and Return for the City of Wells, in the County of So-merfet.

Ordered, That the Burgesses and Freemen of the City, or Borough, of Wells, in the County of Somerset, who have petitioned this House, on behalf of themselves, and others. Voters of the said City, or Borough, complaining of.an undue Election and Return for the said City, be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the Order made, upon Wednesday last, for further hearing the Matters of the said Petitions, Tomorrow Morning, be discharged.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the further hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Robert Tudway, Esquire, Mayor of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, complaining of an undue Rettirn for the said City, Tomorrow Morning, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Paris Taylor, Esquire, and Mr. William Keate, who were ordered to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, be discharged from their said Attendance.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bladon for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Inclosure. Pastures Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bladon, in the County of Oxford, without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hafelton for confirming an Award, made for dividing and in- Inclosure. doling several Common Fields and Downs, in the Parish of Hafelton, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act- Maujerftury for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the Hamlet of Maugtrsbury, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Great Tew for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Inclosure. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish, and Tything of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aD® Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee of the whole American House, to whom it was referred to consider lurther of Colon e<. the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th,

28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the jth. 10th,

7 O 17th,

American

Colonies.

602 24 0 Februarii.A. 1766.

17th, and 21st Days of this instant and by Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of this instant February, by His Majesty’s Command, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place-, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the King’s Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, had, hath, and of Eight ought to have, full Power and Authority to make Laws and Statutes, of sufficient Force and Validity to bind the Colonies and People of America, Subjects of the Crown of Great , in all Cases

whatsoever.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Tumults and lnfurreftions of the most dangerous Nature have been raised, and carried on, in several of the North American Colonies, in open Defiance of the Powers and Dignity of His Majesty’s Government, and in manifest Violation of the Laws and Legislative Authority of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Tumults and lnfurreftions have been greatly countenanced and inflamed by Votes and liefo-lutions, passed in several of the Assemblies of the said Provinces, highly injurious to the Honour of His Majesty’s Government, and tending to destroy the Legal and Constitutional Dependency of the said Colonies on the Imperial Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Persons, who, on account of the Desire which they have manifested to comply with, or to assist in carrying into execution, any Acts of the Legislature of Great Britain, relating to the British Colonies in North America, have suffered any Injury or Damage, ought to have full and ample Compensation made to them for the fame, by the respective Colonies in which such Injuries or Damages were sustained.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, to resolve and declare, that all His Majesty’s Subjects, residing in the said Colonies, who have manifested their Desire to comply with, or to assist in carrying into execution, any Acts of the Legislature of Great Britain, relating to the British Colonies in North America, have acted as dutiful and loyal Subjects, and are therefore entitled to, and will assuredly have, the Protection of the House of Commons of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, who, by reason of the Tumults and Outrages in North America, have not been able to procure Stamped Paper, since the passing of the Act for laying certain Duties of Stamps in the Colonies, ought to be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures, which they may have incurred, by Writing, ingrafting, or printing, on Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, not duly stamped, as required by the said Act, under proper Restrictions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the

British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards " further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating " to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and " Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and " recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned."

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be postponed j

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Three next Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee, that the House be moved, to resolve and declare, that all His Majesty’s Subjects, residing in the said Colonies, who have manifested their Desire to comply with, or to assist in carrying into execution, any Acts of the Legislature of Great Britain, relating to the British Colonies in North America, have acted as dutiful and loyal Subjects, and are therefore entitled to, and will assuredly have, the Protection of the House of Commons of Great Britain, being read a Second Time;

The House was moved accordingly.

Resolved, That this House doth resolve and declare. That all His Majesty’s Subjects, residing in the said Colonies, who have manifested their Desire to comply with, or to assist in* carrying into execution, any Acts. of the Legislature of Great Britain, relating to the British Colonies in North America, have acted as dutiful and loyal Subjects, and are therefore entitled to, and will assuredly have, the Protection of the House of Commons of Great Britain.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, that -the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending,

" protecting, and securing the fame; and for amending " such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating " to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and " Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and " recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned}" being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled.

An Act for an Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j GMm’: } 133-

TeUer, for he 24°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House was moved, pursuant to the said* Resolution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to* repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting and applying certain " Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Britishi Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and " securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations,

‘c as direct the Manner of determining and recovering " the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned :* And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr.

6 Geo. III. 24? — 26'

American Mr. Townshend, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir

Colonki. George Savile, Lord John Mr. ’Thomas

jhend, junior, Mr. OnJJow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. CMr. Alderman Mr. Hujjey, Mr. Prowje, Sir William , Mr. Cooke,

Sir William Meredith, Colonel Barrf, and Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen,'th*t they do make effectual Provision, in the said Bill, for preferring the just Rights and Authority of the Le-

giflature, by directing all Votes and Resolutions of the Assemblies of any of the American Colonies, repugnant to the said Right and Authority, to be erased and expunged before the said Repeal shall take Place in such respective Colonies;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the First and Sixth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth, of the said Resolutions, be humbly laid before His Majesty.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to desire that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the said Resolutions be transmitted to the Governors of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, to be by them communicated to the Assemblies of their respective Governments.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Call «f the Ordered, That Mr. Onslow have Leave to make a Motion, it being after One of the Clock on Ttiefday Morning.

And he moved the House accordingly, that the Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Committee*. Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26* die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii III1" Regis, 1766. Prayers.

D HARD Suthoff and John Peter Cornud took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Stott River Mr. Houbhn presented to the House, according to’ Navigation. Order, a Bill for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time. ResolveedyThzt the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 30.

Februarii. 603

Sir George Savile presented to the I Ioufe, according to Heffin^by Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosure. Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish of Bejfingby, in the County of Tont: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Paf- Amcliffe tures, called Cow Close, West Moor, and Clowder, other- lodofur*. wife Clowther, within the Township of Arncliffe, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Lord Strange, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Townshend, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Houblon, Mr.

Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Buller, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Long, Lord , Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Lord

Verney, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Forrefler, Mr. Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Tracey, Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, Westmoreland, Lane after, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freehold- Wednesbury, ers, and Manufacturers, of the Township of - _&c-

hampton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to Roa ‘

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented to the House, setting forth, that the Road leading from Portway, through Bilflone, to Gibbet Lane End, next adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading to Wolverhampton, is in a very ruinous Condition; and praying for a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads in the said Petition mentioned’; and that these Petitioners apprehend, that such Petition was brought into the House without any general Meeting of the Gentlemen, Clergy, arid Freeholders, and Manufacturers of the Township of Wolverhampton aforesaid, and the Places adjacent, though BilfloHe aforesaid' is only a Village in the Parish of Wolverhampton aforesaid; and' although such Meeting was generally desired by the Inhabitants of the said Town of Wolverhampton, and the Places adjacent, in order partially to obtain a Bill calculated merely for the fnterest of the former Petitioners; and alleging, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Manufacturers and Inhabitants of the Township of Wolverhampton and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying. That the said Petition, and' the Matters therein prayed for, may not pass into a Law; and that, as the Petitioners are advised, it may be necessary for them to have Assistance of Cotinfel, in Opposition to the said Bill, they may be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, in Opposition thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and' other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Wednesbitry and,

and the Place* adjatent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it Be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be, heard, at the lime Time; in! Favour of the said former Petition, against the Petition now presented'.

Mr. Sakdys reported from the Committee, to whom Rfehnwnd the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, Psuifhionersr of the Town and Parish of

Richmond,

604

a 6® Februariu

A, ij66.

Richmond Richmond, in the County of Surrey; and also the Peti- Poor t'on Churchwardens, some of the Overseers of

the Poor, and a great Number of the Inhabitants and Traders, within the Parish and Town of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the last mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel, and had examined the Matter of the said Petitions j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the faqie was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said first-mentioned Petition, Mr. PercivatHart, being examined, said. That he lives near the Workhouse at Richmond-, that it is a very corrupt House; that the Poor are fed with brown Bread; that the Parish have paid for a Pound and an Half of Bread for One Person a Day; that they may be furnished with a sufficient Quantity of white Bread at a leis Expence; that no well regulated Workhouse within Five Miles of London, consumes more than Five Pound and an Half of Bread, for One Person, a Week.

That the Witness was Churchwarden in the Year 1761, when he found a Debt of £. 140 on the Parish; that in order to pay the lame, the Rates were raised from 18 d.to is. in the Pound; by which Means the Debt was discharged, the Poor maintained, and a Balance of £.129. 1 ij. 2 \d.was paid over to Mr. King, the next Overseer; that they endeavoured to set the Poor to work, but could not accomplish it; that they took off the Salary of the Mailer of the Workhouse, and gave him the Labour of the Poor for his Wages.

That the Poor have not been maintained for leis than £. 800 per Annum for Six Years pall; that the Expence is double to what it was formerly; and the Witness thinks they may be maintained in a better and more regular Manner, and at less Expence, if proper Powers were given for that Purpose; that there has been a total Neglect of the Workhouse for several Years.

That the Pavements and Highways of the said Town are in general in a very ruinous Condition, and not cleansed or lighted; that it is necessary to make a large Drain from the Eall to the West End of the Town, in order to carry off the Water and Filth into the 'Thames -, that it appears by a Survey taken, that the making such Drain will cost £. 500.

That the Streets are not lighted, not having Power to compel Persons to hang out proper Lights; that if Power was given to Trustees to regulate the Streets and Highways, and appoint a Nightly Watch, it would be of great Benefit to the Town; and that it would tend much to the Safety of the Inhabitants, if a regular Watch was established to patrole the Streets, in case of Fires.

Mr. Edward Collins, being examined, laid. That he was Overseer of the Poor in the Year 1761; that he collected £.960. 11 s. 1 \d. and maintained the Poor for £.645.

7 d.and paid over a Balance of £. 315. ij. 10 to the next Overseers, and all the Debts were discharged.

That the Witness thinks the Poor are not in want of Food, but want regulating; that a poor Woman of 80 Years of Age complained to him for Want; Ihe is not maintained in the Workhouse, but is allowed One Shilling per Week; that there is a Man maintained in the Workhouse, who is able and does go out to work, and puts his Earnings into his own Pocket.

That he does not think, the Poor are so well maintained and regulated, nor so cheap, as they might be, if proper Powers were given for that Purpose by Act of Parliament.

That the Streets in the said *Town are in general very ill paved; that he apprehends a capital Drain is wanted, as well for Cleanliness as Health; that he thinks these Regulations may be effected without laying any great Burthen on the Inhabitants, but will rather be an Advantage to them by casing them of their

Statute Labour, as it is proposed to exempt all Persons from paying to the Rates who do not rent a House of Six Pounds a Year.

Henry Hobart, Esquire, being examined, laid. That his House is so near the Workhouse, that he is able to fee and hear what passes there; that lie cannot speak as to the Manner of feeding the Poor, but they are not kept in any Order or Regulation whatsoever; that the House appears to be very dirty, and the People ill clothed; that he apprehends if the Poor were to wear Badges, many Persons who now receive Money would refuse to do it; and that he thinks they may be better maintained and regulated, if proper Powers were given for that Purpose.

That the Streets of the said Town are in many Parts very ruinous; that the Statute Labour, and the Nine Shilling Rate, cannot possibly put them into sufficient Repair, nor can it be done by any other Means than by Act of Parliament.

Colonel Pechel confirmed Mr. Hobart's Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Second mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Bordican, being examined, laid. That he was Overseer in the Year 1762; that he often visited the Workhouse, and has seen many of the Poor; that he never heard any. Complaints from them; that they were employed by Mr. Clark, who was to have the Profits of their Labour for looking after them; that the Number of Poor at present maintained in the Workhouse is Eighty-two.

Mr. John Lewis, being examined, said, That he is an Inhabitant of Richmond; that he lives near the Workhouse, and frequently calls in to fee whether the Poor are properly taken Care of; that he never heard any Complaints.

That the Workhouse was not so clean as it ought to be, the latter Part of the late Mailer’s Time; but fine* his Death, it has been kept as clean as any Workhouse in the Kingdom; that many of the Poor are very old and infirm; those that are able are employed in making Mop Yarn; and he does not think there is a Necessity for any new Regulations.

That the Streets and Highways are in very good Condition, and there is not an immediate Necessity for any Reparation of them; and he thinks if the Laws relating to the Poor and the Highways were properly enforced, they are sufficient to regulate them without the Addition of any new Taxes; and that he believes there are Three to One of the Inhabitants of,

against the present Application.

Mr. Ambrose Parish, the Mailer of the Workhouse, being examined, said. That there are Eighty-two Persons under his Care; that they are furnished with good Victuals and Drink, and such as are able are set to work; and that their Earnings have amounted to £. S in about Four Months; that many of them are employed in attending upon those that are unable to work by Age or Infirmity; that there is a Surgeon and an Apothecary to attend those that are lick; that they are kept very clean, constantly attend divine Service, and are neither idle, dissolute, or unemployed; and he does not think any new Regulation would be any Advantage to the Inhabitants, as the Witness apprehends they cannot be more properly taken Care of, or at any leis Expence.

Mr. Charles Scott, being examined, said, That the Streets and Highways were never in better Repair in his Memory than at present; that the Footways are but indifferent, but he thinks the Statute Labour and a Rate of Sixpence in the Pound would put them into sufficient Repair; that he does not think there is any Necessity for more Lights than there are at present; that he never heard of any Robberies or Burglaries; that Lamps were set up by Subscription, but they were not thought necessary, and have therefore been discontinued.

Mr, Thomas Payne, Surveyor of the Highways, being

examined.

&Gko. III.

26’ Febraarii.

examined, said. That the Highways are in tolerable good Repair, but are dirty; that there are Seventy Labourers and Thirteen Teams that do Statute Labour on the Hoad; and lie thinks about £. 50 a Year added to the Statute Labour, would be fuffidient to keep them in good Repair; that the Witness apprehends there is . not any Necessity for Lamps or Watch, as the Town is not any great Thoroughfare, and therefore thinks them not worth the Expence; that he never heard of any Robberies or Burglaries there.

Mr. James flicks, being examined, laid, That he is acquainted with the Highways at; that they

are in general in very good Repair; that about 70 a Year would keep them in Repair; that he thinks it necessary to have a large Drain to carry off the Water and Filth.

Mr. Benjamin Cafiledine, being examined, said. That be is acquainted with the Roads at Richmond; that they are better now than they were Twenty Years ago; that the present Drains are sufficient to carry off the Water; and that the Roads may be kept in Repair by the Common Statute Labour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places; within the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr.

Sandys, the Ixird Grey, Mr and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Coleraine reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commoners,

of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, and of severalof the principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Folkestone, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had diredfced him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Mayham laid. That the Parish Church of Folkestone Hands at a small Distance from the Cliff; that the ' Cliff having of late Years been greatly washed away by the Sea, the Church is in Danger of falling, and is much out of Repair, and that it will be necessary to erect a Jettee for the Support thereof.

That the lower Part of the said Town is defended from the raging of the Sea by Two Jettces or Heads, which are now very much out of Repair; and if the ' same are suffered to go totally to Decay, the lower Part of the said Town must be overflowed and carried away by the Sea; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town are unable to repair and support the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Support and Preservation of the Parish Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent: And that the Lord Coleraine, Mr. Jack Jon, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Brooke Bridges, and Mr. Bouverie, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Whitby Mr. Cholrhley reported from the Committee, to whom Fieis. the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Mailers, and Owners of Ships, of the Town of in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Acts relating to the Piers of were read.

Mr. John Wooller, being examined, said, That he is an Engineer, and has been employed many Years by the Truliees for repairing Harbour; That the said

VoL.

to.

Truliees have been at great Expences in repairing the Piers of the said Harbour, and in deepening the Channel, for which Purpose they have borrowed the Sum of £. 11,700; and when the it Accounts were

Hated in Julylalt, £. 5,500 Hill remained owing upon Bond.

That the Foundation of the West Pier is very much weakened by the washing away of the Marl, or loft Rock on which it is built; and both the Piers excclfively shaken by the Seas; and it is become absolutely necessary to repair them, which will be experifive, being estimated at £. it,000 and upwards; and that it will not be polflble to pay off the remaining Debt, and td complete the necessary Repairs without the further Aid of Parliament.

That the Powers given by the said Acts relating to the Authority given and Salary to be allowed to the Pier Master, are found to be insufficient for the well governing the said Harbour, and properly rewarding the said Service; and that many other Powers are necessary for carrying the said Acts into execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for further continuing the Duty Of One Farthing Chal-der on Coals, granted by an Act of the Firil Year of t

Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second5 for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re: And that Mr. Cholmley, Sir George Montgomery Met ham, Mr. Lascelles, and Mr. Hedo prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chalmky presented to the House, according 16 Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ‘-toure. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waffe Grounds within the Township of Beef ord, otherwise Beeforih, in the County of York: And the same was received; arid read the Firff Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

‘ Mr. Cholmondeley presented to the House, according tO' Witton Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Brt'^se Cut or Canal, from Witton Bridge, to Netlier Knutsford, Manchester by or near Moltram Andrew, and from thence to Canal;

Macclesfield; and from or near Mottram aforesaid, to -Stockport, in the County of Chester, and from thence to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the City Ghfgovr of Glasgow, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing: And ®,oads* also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town Ditto; of Dumbarton, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Ditto/ Town of Renfrew, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That very great and ihterefling Advantages muH necessarily accrue to the Kingdom in general, and to the several Places above-mentioned, and the Petitioners iri particular, from the intended Amendments of that Part of the Act passed in the Twenty-fiXth Year of his late Majesty K.'mg George the Second, delbribing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Luggie Watti, from thence by the Town of Cumbernauld, to Redburn Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year 7 P ot

6o6

26° Febfuarii.

A. 17

Doncaster

10

Tadcaster

Hoad*.

Wilden Ferry on

the Trent* to

Mersey River CanaL

Fiftierwick Park Road, Sec.

of his late Majesty, for repairing several for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Roads leading to the City of Glajgozv, is such Bridge, to Gast, in the Road leading

referred. through Whittington, to the City of Litchfield: And the

lame was 'received; arid read the First Time.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to tthom Refio 'that the Bill be read a Second Time, the Petition of the federal Persons, whose Names are

thereunto liibscribed, Trustees for surveying, ordering, Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom1 Newcastle amending, and keeping in Repair, tire Roads leading the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and under Line from DoHcafer, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side Freeholders, principal Inhabitant's, and Manufacturers of Road' of Tadcaster Cro/s, named and appointed in, or duly the Counties of and and of the Towns of

elected in pursuance of, an Act passed in the 14th of his Newcastle under Line and in the said Counties,

late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That' through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Fade after the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Wiathetby, and from tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as i t appeaf-jhence to Borough Bridge, in the County of York, was ed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read viz.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in To proVe the Allegations of the said Petition, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Beard, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road lead-as followeth, viz. _ ing from the Floodgates upon the Mill Dam, near- New-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the castle, through Keel, and over Heath, to the said Act was read: 'turnpike Road leading from to Chester, near tire

And Mr. James Stovin, Treasurer to the Trustees, laid, Town of is in most Parts very ruinous and

That there is now due, and owing On the Credit of the deep; that there are many hollowWays, which are very nar-said Act, the Sum of£. 2,400. 1 nat the said Roads are j-c>w and incommodious; and that the said Road cannot now in some Parts ruinous, and cannot be properly be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being, amended, and kept in good Repair for the future, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill the Money now due repaid, unlelS the Term and Powers for repairing and widening the Road leading from the of the said Act are enlarged. Floodgates upon the Mill Idam, in or near the Town of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to erl- Newcaft under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the large and continue the Term and Powers, granted by an Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of -his late Majesty Town of in the County of And

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Anson, and the Lord Grey, do the Roads from Doncaster, through Firry Bridge, to the prepare, and bring in, the fame.

South Side of Tadcaster Croft-, and also from Ferry Bridge

to Weather by, and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the Lord Bertie reported from the Committee, Boura

County of York; as to so much of the said Act as relates to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Brozvnlow Drainage, to the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the Earl of Exeler and George Esquire, Lords of the

South Side of Tadcaster Cross: And that Mr. Lascelles, Manors of Bourn and Bourn Abbots, in the County of Lin- Mr. Hezvctt, and Sir George Montgomery Metham, do coin, the Reverend Humphry Hyde, Vicar of the Parish of

prepare, and bring in, the fame. Bourn aforesaid, Thomas Buckzwth, Esquire, and Othefs,

Proprietors of Lands and other Estates, within tire said A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manu- Manors and Parish, Was referred, That the Committee facturers, relidingin the City of Litchfield: And. also, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, and Manu- directed him to repOrt the same as it appeared to them, fadlurers, redding in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the County of the lame; afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

W ere severally presented to the House, and read; the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. that an Application is intended to be made, for Robert being examined, laid, That there are,

a Bill to make a Navigable Cut, Or Canal, from within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the Hi- of Lincoln, several Open and Common Fields, Mea-ver Mersey; and representing to the House the dow9, Waste and Fen Grounds, which are frequent -Advantages which, the Petitioners apprehend, ly overflowed with Water, and that it would be of will arise therefrom; and praying, that the said great Advantage to the Parties interested, if Power was Bill, if brought into the House, may pass into a given for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining the.

Law, under such Regulations as to the House lame.

shall leem necessary and proper. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

And the said Petitions were severally ordered allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining several Open to be referred to the Committee, to whom and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds, the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Lincoln: And that Lord Brozvnlow Bertie and Mr.

Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Whichcot do prepare, and bring in, the fame, or near Swarkfione and Willington, in the said County, Wkichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Bidford Burfiem, in the County of Stafford, and from to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Inclosure, thence to or near Lawton and Afibury, in Open and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, the County of Chester, and to the River within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of War-Mersey, is committed. wick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Mr. Thurlozu presented to the House, according to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Order, a Bill for discontinuing the Use of several Roads Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; over and Lading into Fiftierwick Park, in the County of except John Palmer, who is possessed of one Acre of Stafford, and for building a Bridge cross the River Land, of the Value of Five Shillings a Year, and who Tame, at or near F.ilford Mill, in the said County, and could riot be found; and that the Committee had gone

through

6 G£o. III. 26° FebruartL 607

tJwough the Bill, and mads several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report! in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time; One by One; and, upon the Question severalfy put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

St. Andrmr, Ordered, That Mr. Bac, Mr. Skiffner, Mr. Byde^ Mr.

Prescott, and the Members who serve for the City of jjc. London, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition. of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holbouru, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in, the County of is

referred.

Horsley An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers

Jtald Two Acts, one of the Twelfth of King George the " ‘ First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Ma. Jesty, for repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the Top of Kmgsdown Hi,in the County of Wilts', and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, One of the Twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the County of Wilts-, and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Staple Alton Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do make the Report from

Iaclosure' the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, was committed.

Mr. Kvnafon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Robert George and William Wing, who refilled to lign the Bill, and who are possessed of Three Yard Lands and Three Quarters of a Yard Land; and that the whole Lands to be inclosed consist of Forty-one Yard Lands and One Eighth; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at . the Clerk’s Table: Where' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Army; An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertioc,

Mu'iny and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

° ‘ Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Payment of the Array and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cultivation Ordered, That Mr. Barrow be added to the Gentle-

01 Trees, &c. 30.

men, who are appointed topfapm and b*ing uva Bill for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the bettg* Pr«-r servation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that Hi? Mar Answer jesty had. been attended with: the Refold ions aid Ad-> to Addrest* dtefe of the House, of Friday left; and thp* life Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Hpose, that Ho will give Qircftions, deftred by the said Addrest*

Mr- Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk of Returns of this House had received several Return* to the Q«jqr of the Price of the House of the 39th. Day! of Jdma last, That theorn*

Chief Magistrate, on Qferk of the Market, of ^he fer vend Cities and County Towns, of Rnglc&d and Wafa,

" do forthwith transmit, to the Clerk of this Hoqfe, Ati u counts of 1 ha Prices of Com, in such Okies and Towns i(respectively, a? the feme ftpod in the Month of D<h " cember last, and in this prafent Month <?f Jm%aty j " distinguislatng the Proportion of the Meafare ufe4 " in such Cities and Towns to the Standard M,e§v vfure;" and that the said Returns, were now upon tho Table.

Ordered, That the fold Return be. referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom* and the several Laws relating the reto

The said Returns are. prefened aroongst the other Papers of this Seffien.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a L*md Supply eu, Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Tax. Year One thouseod Seven. hundred and SixtjMix, was read a Second Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the BiD be committed tp a Commit tea of the whole Hctufe.

Refelved, That this House will, TovmgrfP'Y Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to remove all Doubls, concerning such Part of g . Bi, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate? Dutie* on to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of Russia Linep, certain Linen Cloth of the Manqfofture of Russia s and &c* to obviate a Doubt, with respect to the Power of granting certain Licences for the Importation of Tea, under the Authority of an Act made w the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; was read a. Second Time.

Refelved, That the Bill be committed,

Refojved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House-

Refdyed, That tins House will, To-mprrow Morning, rdblve itself into a Committee of die whole House* upon the said Bill.

A Message from th* Lords* by Ml Graves and Mr.

Pxciells

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An office* and Act to indemnify inch Persons a? have omitted to qualify Employment*, themselves for Offices ;md Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy lieutenants, and Officers of the Mti&ia, or otRw?, who have omitted tp register, or deHwer m, their Qualifications, within tbp Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Offi-,cers, m Cities, Corporations, and . Borough Town?, whose Adfljiffions have been omitted to be damped, a? cording to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have bpqn loft or miftaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Ad millions duly ftaqjpqd; without any Amendment.

And then Jibe Meflsmgas wttl\dre»\ .

Sir

608 a6* Februarii. 17

Carriage of Sir John Gfyfike reported from the Committee ap-Goods bf pointed to inquire into the Price of Carriage of Goods, Watson* the Weight usually.drawn by Common Stage Wag-

gons; and of the several Laws relating thereto; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the; *. ' Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to.

several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

The respective Book-keepers to the,

‘ " Chester, Norwich, Mancheft and Birmingham Common

Stage Waggons, being severally examined, laid, in general, That their Waggons usually carried from 50 Hundred Weight to Four Tons, and fqmetimes Four Tons and an Half.

That in those Places where the Price of Carriage has been settled by the Quarter Sessions, they usually take the full Price from Gentlemen, arid somewhat leis from Tradesmen, as Tradesmen’s Goods are, in general, much heavier in Proportion to the Space they bccupy; and all the Witnesses Laid, that when Goods are bulky and light, they are usually carried by. Contract, at a higher Price than is allowed, or taken, for more weighty Commodities; and that, in this respect, they make -no Difference -- between Gentlemen and Tradesmen; and that as to Money, Plate, Writings, and -other- yaluable Effects, if entered as such, they are looked upon to be insured by- the Mailers of the Waggons, and are paid for accordingly.

Thai an Act of the 3d Year of King William' and ' Queen Mary,.Cap. 12. and another, made in the 21ft

Year of King George 2d, Cap. 28. were reach

By the former of which, Justices of the Peace are required, at their Quarter Sessions after Easter, yearly, to assess the- Prices of Land Carriage of Goods to be brought into, any Place within their Jurisdictions, by any Common Carrier, and such Rates -to certify to the Mayors, and other -Chief Officers of the Market Towns, to be hung up in some public Place; -and no Common Carrier shall take above such Rates, upon _ pain of forfeiting Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress

- and Sale of his Goods, by Warrant from any Two

V'-’-'- ' Justices where such Carrier shall relide: And by the latter of the said Acts, it - is enacted, That if any Waggoner shall demand or take any greater Price for "bringing of Goods to the City of London, or any Place within the Bills of Mortality, than is allowed by the -Justices -of the-Peace, for the County or Place from whence such Goods are brought, for carrying of Goods from London to the said County or Place, every such Waggoner shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied in the Manner by the last mentioned Act directed, or by Distress and Sale of his Goods, by Warrant from Two Justices of the Peace for the Counties of -

sex or Surrey, or the City of London, or the City and Liberty of Westminster , and the respective Clerks of the Peace are required, immediately after Easter Session yearly, to certify to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, and to the Clerks of the Peace of and Surrey, and City and Liberty of ,the

Rates made for the Carriage of Goods, in pursuance of the said Act, in their respective Counties and Places; which Certificate, or. an attested Copy thereof, is to be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Rates and Prices set for the carrying Goods to any County or Place.

Then your Committee, in order to ascertain how far the said Acts had been complied with in relation

to fixing such Rates, and transmitting Certificates thereof in the Manner thereby directed, examined

Mr. James Jefferson, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and the Chief Clerk in the Office of the Town Clerk of the City of London; by

whose Examination, and by the Certificates by them produced, it appeared, that there are Eighteen Counties in England,-from which.no Certificate has ever

been returned in pursuance of the said last rhentioned Ad.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee Came to the following Resolutions

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Laws for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods are not complied with.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Prosecutions of Offenders.against the Acts of the Third Year of King William and Queen Mary, and of the 21 ft Year of King Georgeyhc Second, for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, are attended with Difficulties; as the Penalties are to be recovered in the Place where such Offenders reside, or in the Cities of London or Westminster, or in the Counties of Middlesex or

Surrey, and not elsewhere.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ad, so much, of the said. Acts, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods.

The Two first of the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to settling the Rates of tire Carriage of Goods: And that Sir John Mr. Which col, \ ‘ h|r.. ((John Robitfon, Mr. and the Lord 5/rj«g-e, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. - ';

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, Bbnton Freeholders, and Occupiers of Lands in the County of Cider. Hereford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of W, whose.Name3 are thereunto subscribed, on, behalf of themselves, and very many others, the Inhabitants, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, in the said County: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and very many others, the Inhabitants, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, in the said County: And also,

A Petition of she High Sheriff', Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Devon: And also-,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Somerset, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions at Wells, on the 16th Day of January 1766: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy,

Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land in the County of Monmouth And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Exeter, and of the principal Inhar bitan ts of the said City, and the County thereof: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Hereford: And allb,

A Petition of the Bailiff, and principal Burgefii^ and other Inhabitants of the Borough of in

the County of Gloucester: And allb, .; '/

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Justices, and Corporation of the Borough of Leominster, in the County oildere^ ford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town, Borough, and Parish of Ashburton: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Bailiff, and other principal Inhabitants, Housekeepers of the Borough and Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon; - ,

.. / Were

l)ut

6 Geo. III.

a6°-^27° Februarii.

Duty on Cyder.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Ordered, That flic laid Representing to the House, That the Petitioners, Tomorrow Morning, and others, are subject to many Qrievances, by lb much of Two several Acts, palfod in the 3d and 4th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, which lays an additional Duty on Cyder and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the Mode of collecting it under the Power of the Excise Laws: And praying, That they may be relieved in the Premises, by a Repeal of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the laying

Bill be a Second Time,

The Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from, the Committee, That they

Marine

Forces.

a Duty on the Makers of Cyder and Perry; or bad gone through the Bill, and made several A mend-

in such other Manner as the House shall think meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Makers of Cyder and Perry in the Year commencing 5th July 1764, distinguishing how many of such Makers were exempted Persons, and how many were not exempted; and also of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry made between the said 5th of July 1764, and 5th of July 1765, and charged with the additional Duty, laid by an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and all'o of the Amount of the said Duty, and of the Money paid by the Makers of Cyder and Perry, between the said 5th of July 1764 and 5th of July 1765; and also of the Salaries paid the additional Officers of Excise employed in charging and collecting the new Duty on Cyder and Perry for the said Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry made since

ments report, lame.

Ordered,

Morning.

thereunto , when the

which they had directed' him to House will please to receive the

That the Report be received Tomorrow.-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

27® die Februarii j

Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1766.

Jovts,

Anno 6*

Prayers.

A Petition of Merchants and Manufacturers of Bir- wnuen Ferry

miitgham, in the County of Warwick, was presented on

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Survey, the J0rent

Plans, and Estimate of the Iixpence of a navigable Ca- Mersey River rrr 1 1 t- Canal.

pal from Wilden , in Derbyshire, to Stfzv near the City of Litchfield, have been made, which Naviga-the 5th of July 1765/ and charged with the additional tion, the Petitioners allege, will be very advantageous to Duty by an Act passed in the Third Year of His the Trade of that Neighbourhood j and that the Petir Majesty’s Reign; and also of the Amount of the Money tioners are informed, a Petition is presented to the House, arising from the Composition paid by the Makers of for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Ca-Cyder and Perry since the said 5th of July 1765, and of nil from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the the Number of additional Officers employed in ascertain- River Mersey: And praying, That the Bill, if brought ing, charging, and collecting the said Duty, since the into the House, may pal's into a I aw, under such Ra-

said 5th of July 1765; distingpishing each Month, and the Amount of their Salaries, as far as such Account can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ap Account of the Quantities of Cyder and Perry made for Sale, from the 3th Day of July 1753 to the 5th Day of

strictions, as to the House shall leem meet, to prevent the Manufactures of that Neighbourhood being loaded with a greater Proportion of Lock Dues than may appear sufficient to pay a regsonable Profit for the Money to be expended on that Part of the Line, between Wilden Ferry and the Places convenient for communicating with the

July 1765 distinguishing each Year; and distinguish- different Parts of that Neighbourhood.

Amerion; lectin ng its Dependency.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of Wslfg.ll, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill: And setting forth. That the Petitioners having Reason to believe, from the various Plans of Na- Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to vigations now forming to unite the Rivprs Trent, Severn,

Order, a Bill for the better securing the Dependency of laver, and Mersey, that there will be Application made

ing also the Quantities charged with the old Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead, from the Quantities charged with the Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Peace per Hogshead,

Ditto*

Annerican

Colonies.

His Majesty’s Dominions in upon the Crown

and Parliament of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffolvef, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Rill be read a Second Time, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an A&> made in the

to the Houses for Leave to bring in Bills for making many diijferent Canals to communicate with such Navigations, and for different Lines and Distrifls; and in re? gard the Tract between Wilden Ferry and Wolfeley Bridge, will be used in common by the several- intended Communications from the Trent to the Rivers Severn, Weaver, and Mersey: Therefore praying. That such Restrictions and Regulations may be made, as to the House shall feern meet, to prevent the Lock Dues to be col-

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for grant- Jested between Wilden Ferry and Wolfeley , heing ing and applyiog_ certain Stamp Dudes, and other partially applied to any other District.

Du ties j in tfre British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences t£ defending, protecting, and securing the same j and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as dfreft the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vo#.. 30.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Cpnsideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from t}xe River Trent, at or near Wildest Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Sviarkfiwe and Willington, in the said County, Whichnor, Rudg/ey, Stone, and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and Afikury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey, is committed.

7 Q Sir

6io 27* Februarii. A. 1166.

Sir Thomas Cave presented to the House, according Iadoiuie. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the PariQi of Blahy, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

C^2irfurfc* Sir 7°hn Palmer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Countefthorpe, in the County of Leicester: And

the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title . be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

% feorfl pin

tip*

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Streett?’ George the Martyr, the several Housekeepers, ancient Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, paying Scotland Lot, in the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holbourn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes of the House, of a Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holbourn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by the Laws now in being, very effectual Provision is made for the establishing and well governing the Nightly Watch, and for cleansing and enlightening the several Streets, Lanes, Ways* Passages, and Places, within the Parishes aforesaid; and that the Poor of the said Parishes are numerous, but areflecreasing; and that the Increase of the Poor’s Rate is owing to the interfering of several of the Magistrates, and Gendemen, Promoters of the Bill in Question, in the Choice of Parochial Officers, contrary to the Nomination of the Parishioners; and that the Petitioners conceive it would not be for the Ease of die Inhabitants, if the Rates and Assessments were conlbli-dated into One Joint or General Fund, to be collected together; and that the Petitioners are extremely averse to special and select Committees, and most earnestly crave that the Choice of Parochial Officers, and the making of Parochial Rates, or Assessments, may be continued to the Parishioners in general: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be hoard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Saint Andrew, Holbourn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, is referred j and that these Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the former Petition, against the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

Whitby Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to

Pier*. Order, a Bill for further continuing the Duty of One

Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the First Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Mr. Cholmondeley presented to the House, according to Cuddington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Inclo, ure-Waste Grounds called Cuddington or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of Wever ham, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read, a Second Time.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom Stillingtoa the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Waite Inclosure. Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadows, Grounds, and Ings, within the Parish of Stillington, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of Sixty Acres of Land, in the said Fields and Ings, who refilled their Consent to the Inclosure, and the Proprietors of Twenty-seven Acres, who were not at Home when Application was made for their Consents; and that the whole of the said Fields and Ings contain Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and also, except the Proprietors of Eight Common Rights, who refused to consent, and the Proprietors of Seven Common Rights, who were from Home, when Application was made for their Consents; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are Eighty-nine; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Matthew* to dissolve the Marriage of John Matthews with Ann Divorce. Matthews, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers God (tone of an Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of R^d. Surrey, to High Gate, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to High Gate, in the Parish of Raft Grinstead, in the County of Sussex,

Ordered,

Swiss.

sc.

Lad.

Africa

Cdooki

>«i

Winbortj

Minder

to

Bland for d Road*

Glasgow

Reads.

Beverley,

&c.

Road.

American

Colonies.

East India Company; Qualification of

Proprietors.

Southwark

Streets.

6 Geo. III. 270 Februarii. 11

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Pill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross, or Market Place, in the Town of Minfier, to the Cross, or Market Place, in the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Laurence Dundas and Mr. Dundas be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Glasgow, thereunto subscribing, is referred.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Wil/as Pump, in the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, through and Great Driffield, to Kendell House ;and from Mols croft to Bainton,

in the said Riding; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers of Cutlery and ether Hardware, of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of a great Decay in their Trade to North America: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of Januarylaft, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of this instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of this instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Proprietors of East India Stock.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, Saint John, Saint Thomas, and of Blackman Street, and Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, and of Bermondsey Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending, for paving the High Street, Part of White Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Newington, in the County of Surrey, and for ckanfing; lighting, and watching the fame, and alto certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; and that it would be of public Utility, if the Streets, and other public Carriage Ways and Passages, within the said Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, were to be new paved and regulated, and, together with the several Vot. 30.

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, not being Thoroughfares, within the lame, but contiguous thereto, were to be cleansed and lighted, and a regular Watch kept therein, and proper Powers given to remove and prevent Nuisances and other Obstructions therein, and, for the expediting thereof, if Power was given to lay a proportionable Tax on the Inhabitants of the said several Streets and other Places, and a small Toll to be collected on the several Roads communicating the rewith: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr. Black-

stone, Mr. Elliot, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Upton, Lord Grey, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Fonereau, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir John Mr. Townshend, Mr. Grant, Mr. Mr. Bur-

rell, Mr. Wynn, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Buller, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Edmonflone, Sir Richard Warwick Mr. Ryder, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Jennings, Lord Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pryfe Campbell,

Mr. Stephens, Mr. Wood, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Sir William Baker, Mr. De Grey, Sir Anthony

Abdy, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, Sussex, and M; and for the City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr, Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field Lands, within the Parish of Heddington, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michell, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Bri, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1764, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1766.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onflovo took the Chair of the Committee.

Jvjfr.

Heddingtoa

Inclosure.

Michell' 5 Nat.

Marin*

Forces.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

61% 'i7q — 28° j 7 66.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself intq Dm,e* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to re-Russia Linen, move all Doubts concerning such Part of an Act, made fcc. in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia; and to obviate a Doubt with respect to the Power of granting certain Licences for the Importation of Tea, under the Authority of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tq-morrow Morning.

America; The Bill for the better securing the Dependency of securing in His Majesty's Dominions in America, upon the Crown Dependency. parliament of Great Britain, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, pefolye itfel f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American The Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Samp Alt. Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colqnies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

in the County of Derby, to the Port of Liverpool, by the Canal authorized by Parliament to be made by the Duke of Bridgewater, at such Part thereof as, upon proper Surveys and Levels, shall appear to be qioft beneficial to the Public; and that the Petitioners appre- ' j

hend, that by the making such Inland Navigation, a,) F.

more safe, cafy, and expeditious Communication will be ' opened between the Eastern and Western Seas, and be attended with many other useful and beneficial Consequences: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, .

or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near fVilden Ferry, !

in the County of Derby, to or near Swa Willing-ton, in the said County, Whicknor, Stone, and

Rurflem, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or pear Lawton and Aflbury, in the Cqunty of Chester, and to the River Mersey, is committed. J

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common GrimoWby -y Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Inclosure. Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whith-cot, Sir Charles Farnaby, Mr. Cholmley, Mr.

Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Strange, Mr. Dr ax. Lord

derick Campbell, Mr. John Pitt, Colonel Howe, Lord

Villiers, Mr. Wood, Mr. Tkoroton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Darker, Mr. Bagot, Lord Brozvnlo%v Bertie, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitworth, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

L>uudas, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Fouereau, Mr. 'Xownjhend,

Mr. Lowndes, Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln,

Nottingham, York, and Norfolk: And they are to meet . this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom Waltham the Bill for dividing and ipclosing the Open and Arable Inclosure. Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Waltham, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of Leicester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cqnfent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Venerit, 28° Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii III. U Regis, 17$$. Ptvriits.

WildtnFefry A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Boon the Trent d\ rough and Port of Liverpool, in the County Pala-to tine of Lancafltr, was presented to the House, and read; Mer!lffirer Seeing forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House, for making a navigable Cyt, or Canal, from Wilden Ferry,

tz

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town Glasgow of Patfley, ^nd its Neighbourhood, subscribing, was pro- Roads* fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That very great Advantages must accrue from the intended Amendments of that Part of the Act, passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, describing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Luggie Wtiter, and from thence, by the Town of Cumbernauld, to Redburn Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed

6 Geo. III. 28° FebruariL 613

pointed by an Act passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Glasgow, 'is referred.

Mansfield, Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according to &c. Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from 83 ‘ the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine-Mile Stone from ,tlnough

man ton, Tupton New inclos, and Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of in the County

01 Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BrjmmMigtou Mr. Fitzherbert preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Roads.' Brimmington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby,

over, the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned; And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WiidenFerry A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

on the Trent, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Burton to upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and also of the Canalim Town of Derby, and the Proprietor, of Lands near the River Trent, between Burton aforesaid, and Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find Application has been made to the House, for a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near IVilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners Properties will be greatly prejudiced, and they apprehend the Country will not be benefited, as set forth in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have’such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River at or near IVilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkflone and fVillington, in the said County, Rudgley, Stone, and Burfiem, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and Act bury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Hafelor Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, aceord-luclosure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafelor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton Hafelor, in the Parish of Hafelor, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a §econd Time.

Window Mr. Drake reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of IVinfiow, in the County of Backs, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire same to be true; and Yol. 30.

that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except One Person, whole Property in the said Fields conlilts of Fourteen Acres, whole Agent had been applied to, and made no Objection to the Bill; and also except One other Person, who could not be found, whole Property in the said Fields consists of Thirteen Acres; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amounts to about i.+co Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom Braunfloti the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable- inclosure. Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Braunsion, otherwise Bransion, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in-his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment^ were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-, upon, several of them we re difegreed to; and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be; ingrafted.

A Bill to enable the Right honourable James Oswald, Oswald’s and the Right honourable George commonly and

called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, ^afificatioa the Oath of Office, as Vice Treafvirer, and Receiver Bill. General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burrell,

Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Satidys, Mr.

Buller, Mr. Which cot, Sir Robert Long, Sir George Savjle,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Thoroton, Mr.

Rode, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lafcedes, Sir Rotert Ladbroke,

Sir Roger M'fiyn, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Skiffner,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wi/fon, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Ryder,

Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Baker,

Sir Charles Hardy, Sir George Yonge, Mr.

Mr. Molesworth, Lord Doivne, Sir Charles

Mr. Burred, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Dempfier,

Mr. Brand, Mr. Wedderburn, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Norris, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hewett presented to the House, according to Bawtiy Order, a, Bill for repairing arid widening the Road from M Bawtry, in the County of York, to Markham -mon, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton, to Twiford Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

7 R Ordered,

Ashborne,

Ac.

Road,

Little

Horwood

Inclosure*

Croxton

lacloiurv.

S'

614

28° Februarii.

A. 17 66.

Ordered, That Lord Cavendish do make $he Mr. presented to the House, according to

Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Order, a Bill to enlarge and continue the Term and the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, whose Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Roads after mentioned, was referred. Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from

Lord George Cavendish accordingly reported from the Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of

Donrarter

to

T r.dcaster Kohii.

said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered' it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. Francis Beresjord, and Mr. Abraham , being examined, said, That the Roads leading from,

in the County of Derby, to Sudbury, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, in the said County, to a

Tadcaster Crofsand also from Ferry to

by, and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the County of fork', as to lb much of the said Act as relates to the Roads from Doncajier, through Ferry Bridge, to the South

Side of 'tadcajier Cross: And the farn£ was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge, crols the River of Thames, from Chelsea, in the County of Middle-

rfe*

]4riJ*e.

House in Tut bury, in the County of Stafford, lately known sex, to Battersea, in the County of Surrey: And the lame

by the Sign of the Cock, and from Sudbwy aforesaid, through Draycott, over the Forest of to Yoxall

Bridge, in the said County of Stafford, are become very ruinous, and in many Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that tire same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Haws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall , and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and StaffordAnd that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Little Horwood, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. WhichcotMr. OJbalJeJion, Lord BrownlowBertie, General Honywood, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Laf-

celles. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir William Baker, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Molesworth, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Long, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Praed, Mr. Darker, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hobart, Lord Coleraine, Lord Villiers, Lord Verney, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Jler, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir George Savile, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Parker-, and all the Members who -serve for the Counties of Berks, Northampton,

Oxford, Warwick, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thoroton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Croxton, otherwise Croxton Kerial, in the County of cefier, was committed, That the Committee had ex-

Fnlkrftrtiic

Church.

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Coleraine presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Support and Preservation of the Parish Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom Wednesbury, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, *= and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Wednesbury and *04‘i* Bilfion, and the Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the.Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freeholders, and Manufactures, of the Township of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; were severally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said first-mentioned Petition, no Person appearing to fopport the Allegations of the said second-menfioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Eaton, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from a Place in Wednesbury, called High Bul-lin, through Troufe Lane, over Wednesbury Fields, along Bulls Lane, to and cross Moxley's Fields, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway, and from thence through the Town of Bilfion, to Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading to Wolverhamptonand from Bilfion, along Windmill Lane, to and along Goldthorne Hill Lane, to the Turnpike Road, leading from Wolverhampton, towards Stourbridge-, and from a Dwelling House in Bilfion, in the Occupation of Joseph Brown, along a Lane on the North Side of Bilfion Chapel Yard, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton, towards Watfall;

amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same and from the Bridge at the Bottom of the said Town of

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Bilfion, along Muck Lane, to a House in the Occupation of Amos Hall, into the Road leading from Bilfion, towards Walsall; are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Methods prescribed by Law.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s No Witnesses appeared to support the Allegations of

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

the second-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That I.eave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bul/en, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlaston

Lane, next the Portway, and from thence, through Bilfion, to the further End of Gibbet Lane-, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilfion, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Bagot, the Lord Coleraine,

and

6 Geo. III. a80 Feiruarii. 615

rn

"‘s£

(l

and the Lord Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Beverley, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for refoming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made °* ' from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from (Villas Pump, in the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, through Mo/fcroft and Great Driffield, to Kendell House; and from Motfcroft to Bainton Balk, in the said Riding; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkytts, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, *t the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Accounts; An Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, American imported from His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, Colonies. into England, from Christ 1761 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, exported from England, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and jtft Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 ill Days of this In-llant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 19th, and 21st Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill; Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Duties on ’ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to re-Ruffiu Linen, move all Doubts, concerning such Part of an Act, made *c* in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of and to obviate a Doubt, with respect to the Power of granting certain Licenses for the Importation of Tea, under the Authority of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign

Vol. 30.

of his late Majesty; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given, to Henry Fane, Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 27th Day of Jamary last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pot Alh, imported from the.

British Colonies in America, during the last Five Years; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of the different Kinds of Furs imported from the British Colonies in America, during the last Five Years; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Train Oil, imported from the-British Colonies in America, during the last Five Yean distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better fecuting the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, proteding, and securing the

lame;

Privilege*

Account,

Pot A Oi-

Accoimt; Fun.

Account f Oil.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

America; iccuring ita Depeud-nty.

American Stamp A ft.

6i6

28° Februarii. — 30

A. 17 66.

fame] and for amending such Parts of the several Acts and other Places. in the said County of and

of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of representing to t!.e House, that the lioad from the the said Colonies and Plantations as direct the Manner Bridge at Park leading along the Sn eer,

of determining and recovering the Penalties and For* and Part of Rushall Street, to the End of Aklezcell Street, feituits therein mentioned. through the iown of is in very good Repair,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. and the Pavement every where found, and with the

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee. Addition of home small Improvements proposed to be

Mf. Speaker re fumed the Chair.- made for widening the Streets, by removing the Market

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they Crols and Pump, and laying a Dram from the tame, had gone though the Rill, and made several Amend- for carrying off the waste Water, will be at all Times men ts thereunto; which they had directed him to re- safe and convenient; that the Hoad petitioned ior over port, when the House will please to receive the same. the Lands, described in the said Petition, must be at

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday tended with an immense Expence, in purd.aiing the

Morning next.

Lands, building Bridges, and making a new Hoad, and will not only be greatly injurious to the Inhabitants in general, but likewise to many of the capital Merchants

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is con - . , - , . r

BrSLwatU cerned in the Bill to enable the Most noble Francis and 1 raders: And therefore praying the House to take Navigation. Duke of Bridgewater, to extend a Branch of his na* ^rerni es Copsideration, and grant such Re lef

Bridgewater,

vigable Cut, or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County; which Rill was, upon the lift Day of this Instant February, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr: Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty,

Window

Iudoi'ure,

therein, as to the House thail seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Borough of IValfall, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be-, half of themselves and others: Andalfo,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freehplders, and In-

..... A habitants of the Town of Birminghamr and Places ad-

havhng'been "informed of the* Purport of 'the said Bill’, jacent, in the County of Warwickr, whose Names are gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is ‘hereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall others;

think, fit. Were alto severally presented to the House, and

read; jilfo taking Notice of the said Application: And praying, That Provision may be made for. making and maintaining such Road over the Lands aforesaid, and through Street

foresaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-men, and other Inhabitants, of IValfall, in the County of Stafford, and of the City of Litchfield, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Muckley

Corner,

Jcc.

Road.

Ditto.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-<?oyys, Commou Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of IVitfiow, in the County of which Bill was this Day reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain And then the House adjourned till Monday °Pen and Common Field, called Common

1 1 / UMtll I n fli a Y> .-I v, (L D. J «- »1, f'.'n T . L I.

Bidford

Inclosure.

Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 30 Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii III’11 Regis, 1766.

Prayed s.

WiWen /ORDERED, That all have Voices who come t« the

Ferry, Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navi-n the Trent, gable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Mersey River IVildenFerry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swark-

Canal. stone and Willington, in the said County, Whichnor, Rvdgley, Stone, and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey, is commit-

Muckley

Comer,

Ice.

Road.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of

the Town of IValfall, in the County of Stafford, was agreed to by the House.

within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles khr daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, Duke of to whom the Bill to enable the Most noble Francis Duke Bridgewater's of Bridgewater, to extend a Branch of his navigably Navigation Cut, or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 9 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House 9 and hi read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been presented, for an Act to repair the Roads from Muckley Cornery over Litchfield Heath,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

A Bill for further continuing the Duty of One Far- WhitbyPlcr. 19 thing

o-

Marston

luclolurc.

Btrford

luclosure.

Srillington

lncioiure.

Willington

Judosure.

6 Geo. III. 3 a Martl 17

thing per Chillier on Coals, granted by an Act of the First Year of Queen Aim, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the S cond, h r improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whit by, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re, was read a Second Time.

Rfio/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Sir Char hr Mor daunt, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Tudway, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Shi finer, Mr Hayes, Mr. Mr. Eger-

ton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clive, Mr. Montagu, Lord Strange, Mr. Cust, Mr. Norris, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pcwlet, Lord

Verney, General Honeywood, Mr. Fitzroy, Lord Coleraine, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Drake, Mr. John Pitt, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Richard Wilson, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Marston, in the County of the City of York, and Owner of llivers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements there, Jonathan Mef-J'enger, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Marston aforesaid, and of William Gentleman, Matthew Hill, Gentleman, Joseph Grainger, Thomas Silverfides, John Spencer, Charles Gill, John Cart-

wright, Quin tin A comb, William Palfrey man, Thomas Wakefield, John Ward, and Henry Acomb, Owners and Proprietors of divers other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor of Marston.

A Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Beeford, otherwise Beeforth, in the County of York, was read a Second

riv 4

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholm-ley, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Clive, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cust. Mr. Fonereau, Lord Strange, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Egerton, JMr. Bagot, Mr. , Mr. Towns-

hend, I/>rd Coleraine, Mr. , General Honywood, Mr. Prbwfe, Mr.' Tudway, Mr. Hayes, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Legh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Sir Roger digate. Lord George Sackville, Mr. Knight, Sir Edward BayntuM, Mr. Parker, Mr. , Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fitzroy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadows, Grounds, and Ings, within the Parish of Stillirgton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadows, Grounds, and lngs, within the Parish of Stillington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmleydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingross'ed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Corn-

Vox., 30.

mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Willlngton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Willington, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendifk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Shuttleworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor, or Common, within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Thorpe to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing a Common, T called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grumble- °c iwe* hirft, within the Parish of Barnby upon Dunn, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Robert Burdett, Baronet, in behalf Repton of himself and others, Proprietors of Open Field Lands, ^nc'°^urf* belonging to the Manor of the Priory of Repton, within the Parish of Repton, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Repton, in the County of Derby, and setting forth, that the Lands of the Petitioner, and others, in the said Open Fields, belonging to the said Manor of the Priory, lie intermixed and difoerfed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, together with the said Open Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor of Repton: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open Field Lands, belonging to the said Manor of the Priory, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Repton, in the County of Derby, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, BeSrwby Grounds, and Walles, within the Township or Parish *nclo‘IJre' of Bejfingby, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Buller,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Clive, Mr. Tudway, General,

Mr. Egerton, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Befi, Mr.

Hewett, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Grant, Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Rolle, digate, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bertie, Six Robert Ladbroke, Lord George Sackville, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Armine Wide-hotfie, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Alderman Beckferd, Mr.

7 S

618 3° Martii. 17

Fitzherbert, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Sir Char let Saunders, Sir George Warren; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of York, Northumberland, Cumberland, WefimoLincoln, and.

Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bath A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts. Small Debts, within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, was read a Second Time.

Kejolvedj That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sebright, General Hollywood, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Footer eau, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Butler, Sir George Savi/e,

Sir Charles Mcrdaunt , Mr. Mofiyn, Mr. Mr. Be/l, Mr. Fownshend, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Martin, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Cocks, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Parker, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fane, Sir Smith, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Saunders, Sir George Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Holt, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Whitworth-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts,

Devon, Dorset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Window An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Inclosure, ancj commcn Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,’ in the Township of Winjlow, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Township of Winjlow, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynoston do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

£r'*t'c*c A Bin for discontinuing the Use of several Roads Road wer anc^ lading into Park, in the County

ic. of Stafford, and for building a Bridge cross the River

Fame, at or near Ellford Mill, in the said County, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge, to Hademore Gate, in the Road leading through Whittington, to the City of Litchfield, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Adams, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Mr. Whit-

worth, Sir RogerNewdigate, Mr. Gilbert, Lord fort, Mr. Thynne, Lord Grey, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Forrester, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fernon, Mr. Garth, Lord North, Lord Filliers, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Shelly, Mr. Fane, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Whateley, Sir Charles Mordaunt , Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr. Parker, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Coventry, Mr. , Sir John , Sir

Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wynn, lord Burgherjh, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir John Glynne, Lord Howe, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Dundas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, L De*by, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. David Griffin, being examined, said, that Olave's Street and Bermoudfey Street lead from London Bridge, to the Kentish Road; and that Saint Olave's Street and Freeschool Street lead directly from London Bridge, to His Majesty’s Victualling Office and Dock Yard at Deptford, in the County of Kent that the said Streets are great Thoroughfares, and at present very i;l paved, and not sufficiently cleansed, lighted, and watched; and that there are many Obstructions and Annoyances in the said Street?.

That if the Provisions of the intended Bill for paving. cleansing, and lighting the High Street ;*nd Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, were extended to Saint Olave's Street, Freeschool Street, and Bennoiulfey Street, the same would be of great Advantage to tire Inhabitants of the said Streets, and to the Public in general.

That if a, small Toll was laid upon all Cattle and Carriages passing on Sundays through the Turnpikes on the Roads which communicate with the said Streets, and the Inhabitants thereof were enabled to make Rates on themselves, the said Streets might be properly paved, watched, lighted, and cleansed.

Mr. William Maymott, Mr. John and Mr.

George Flower, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Heweitpresented to the IJoufe, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, wit!tin the Manor of Marston, in the County of the City of York: And the same was received; and read the Fiat Time.

Resolved, That the Billlje read a Second Time.

A. Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Cana!, from Witt on Bridge, to Nether by

or near Mot tram Andrew, and from thence to Macclesfield, and from or near Mot tram aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of Chester, and from thence to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Hewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Garth, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Townfiiend, Mr. Buller, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Prowse, Lord Grey, Sir John Wynn, Lord George Sackville, Mr., Bootle, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. rty, Mr- Scudamore, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Paul*!, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Clive, Mr. Parker, Mr. Edmonflone, Sir Robert , Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Mackwarth, Sir Alexander GilmSir George Youge, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Brudenell, Lord North, Mr. bord, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. FishMr. , Mr. Bul-

lock, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Legh, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Charles Saunders, Nit.-Keck, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord MexborMr. F; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Derby, Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, Westmoreland, Stafford, Warwick, and York And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Southwark

Streets.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, residing in St. Olave's Street, Freeschool Street, and Bermoudfey Street, in and mar the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

16

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Chofs, or Market Place, in the Town of Minder,

to the Cross, or Market Place, in the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second ’lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Mr.

Pitt, Lord Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Harris, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Fudivay, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuivnjhcnd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Knight, Lord North, Sir Robert L, Mr. A lor daunt, Mr.

Cholno:uicl:y,

M^rfion

lncljiUte.

Witten

Bridge

10

ManchefUr

Win bora

Mi after

to

Biandf »rd Road.

6 Geo. III.

3° Martii.

619

Chclmcndeler, Mr. Fgertou, Mr. Grant, Sir Glynne, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Parker, Sir John Se-bright, Mr. Mills, Mr. ‘Thomas Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Shelley, Mr. Rolle, Sir jofiph Mawbey; and all the Members who l'ervt for the Counties of , Somerset,

Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

CtuWifl^ton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or nc^tore. \yafte Grounds called C or Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of IVever ham, in the County of was read a Se-

cond Time.

Refillrd.That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Dc mpjler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. , Mr.

Ryder, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fonereau, ~ Mr. Gore, Lord Grey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Butler, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lewis, Mr. , Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Shiffner, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Mr.. , Mr.

Holt, Mr. Tuffntll, Sir Mawbey, Mr. Methuen,

Mr. Bull, Mr. Darker, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. , Mr.

Press. fe.Sir CecilBi/hop, Mr. Mills, Mr. Roberts, Lord

Burgherfk, Lord Down:, Mr. Vernon-, and all the Memt Kts who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and Stafford;And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Smhoff A Bill for naturalizing Godhard Snthoff, and John c ." V Peter Cornud, w as read a Second Time.

Natl Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Butler, Mr. Townshend, Sir Robert Ladbroke, M". Fonereau, Mr. IVedderburit, Mr. Harris, Mr. Torwujhend, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. -stone, Sir Edward Dering, Lord , Mr. Fuller, Sir

Savile, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Bagot, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Mills, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vernon, Sir John

Turner, Sir John Palmer, Mr Sir

Mr. Knight, Mr. Grant, Lord Hozve, Mr. Parker, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Hunter, Sir Bishop, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Holt, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Long, Lord Dovene, Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Verts ey, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bent inch. Sir Edward Bayntun, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Upton, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Lewis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of Bentinck, which

was presented to the House, upon the 21st Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

i*L*t°n Mr. Byde presented to the House, according to Or- Jre* der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of h’exton, in the County of Hertford, except a Common Paftuvc called the Cow Conunon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilved, 'i'llat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newcaf: le Ordered, That Mr. Pitt, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Coal Trade. Jeuifon Shaftoe, Sir Waiter Blackett, Sir John Major,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Matters of Ships belonging to Scarborough, in the County of York, in behalf of them-iclves and many others; are referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cud Jon:

\OL. 30.

Mr. Speaker, ....

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Heworth Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Watte, or nc 0 ttre* Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets of Upper Heworth, and Nether Heworth, in the County of Durham, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Oidered, That Sir George Yonge be added to the Gen- Cartage tlemcn, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill ? Stage to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Par- Waggons, liament, the several Laws now in being for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Exchequer out, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for railing certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1764; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities, as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perforating the Owners thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an. Ditto Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1765.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma- Supply Bill; jetty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for L*nii Tax. the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire theif Concurrence.

An ingrotted Bill to remove all Doubts, concerning Supply Bill; such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Farlia- Duties on ment, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Rnfl" Doen. Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia; and to obviate a Doubt, with respect to the Power of granting certain Licences for the Impor- ' tation of Tea, under the Authority of an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to remove a Doubt, concerning such Part, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia; and to obviate all Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Tea, under certain Licences authorized to be granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second ’^ruiafe!" intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of’

Til lag*, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the City of London: And that Mr. Shiffner,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Richard

Glyn, and Mr. Whichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An

Marine

Force*,

American

Colonies.

620

3° Martii. A. 1 j66.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating Kis Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Conway presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Memorial from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to His Majesty in Council, relative to the securing the Revenue, arising by the Duties of Customs in America; and the establishing the Judicature of the Courts of Admiralty in that Country, dated 4th , 1763 And

also,

N° 2. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, approving the preceding Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury (N° 1.), and directing the Secretary of State, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Board of Trade, to give the necessary Directions for carrying into execution, the several Propofols contained in the said Memorial, so far as to them may respectively appertain, dated the 5th of October 1763: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, submitting whether it may not be necessary, that they should be impowered to appoint Vice Admirals, and also Judges and other Officers, requisite for Courts of Vice Admiralty, within the Four New Governments of Quebec,

West Florida, and Grenada, dated 25 th 1763:

And also,

N° 4. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, directing the Earl of Halifax, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to prepare a Warrant for passing a Commission under the Great Seal, impowering the Lords of the Admiralty, to appoint Vice Admirals, and other Officers, (or Vice Admiralty Courts, within the Four New Governments of Quebec, East Florida, West Florida, and Grenada, dated 4th November 1763: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, relative to the appointing a Judge of the Admiralty, for all North America, with a Salary of £. 800 per Annum, dated 14th March .17(54: And also,

N° 6. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, referring the Memorial of the Admiralty (N* 5.) to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for their Consideration, dated 26th March 1764: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, to the Clerk of the Council in waiting, signifying that the Lords of the Treasury approve of the appointing such a Judge as is mentioned in the Admiralty Memorial (N° 5.), and also the Proposal relative to the Payment of his Salary, dated 7th April 1764: And also,

N* 8, Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, referring the Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to the Clerk of the Council (N° 7.), and also the Memorial of the Admiralty (N® 5.), to a Committee of the Lords of the Council, dated nth April 1764: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, upon the Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty (N# 5.), and Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury (N° 7 ), and proposing that a Judge of the Admiralty should be appointed, for all America, with a Salary of £. 800 per Annum, dated 16th April 1764: And also,

N° 10. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, approving the Report of the Lords of the Committee (N® 9.), and directing, that a Judge of the Vice Admiralty,

for ail America, be appointed, dated 18 April 1764:

And also,

N° 11. Copy cf a Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, submitting, that they lhou!d be impowered to appoint a Vice Admiral, and proper Officers, fora Court of Vice Admiralty, for all America, dated 24th April 1764: And also,

N° 12. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, referring the Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty (N® 11.) to a Committee of the Lords of the Council, dated 25 April 1)64: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, upon the Memorial of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty (N* 11.), dated 7th May 1764: And also,

N° 14. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, approving the Report of the Lords of the Committee [N® 13.), and directing the Earl.of Halifax, one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to prepare Warrant for passing a Commission, under the Great Seal, impowering the * Lords of the Admiralty to air-point a Vice Admiral, and proper Officers, for a Court of Vice Admiralty, for all America, dated 9th May 1764.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the who'e House, to whom it is re (erred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary upon the

14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of last,

and the 3th, 10th, 17th, and aid Days of this instant February, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and cist Days of this instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are prefereed amengft the other Papers of this Ssffion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meant consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered so be added to the Bill, for in-flifting the Penalty of Premunire on Inch as, by writing or printing, shall maintain Afiertions contrary' to this Act.

America; securing its Dependency.

Then the House was moved, that an Act, made in the I'irft of the Reign of Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for repealing and taking away certain Treasons, Felonies, and Cafes of Premunire, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for the Security ot her Majesty’s Person and Government,

American Stamp Ad.

Warehmm kfa* '

Account;

Cider.

6 Geo. III. 3° — 4° Martii.

621

vemment, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain, in the Protestant Line, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Cud Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee Of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in , towards

further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the- Bill, add which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question fevemlly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy die Martii; Anno 6* Georgii III. Regis, 1766.

charged with the Duty of Six Shillings and Eight ftnee per Hogshead: And allb,

An Account of the Quantities of Cider and Perry made since the- 5th Day of July 1765, and charged with ' the additional Duty laid by an Act paged its the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, together with the Amount of such Duty; and also of the Amount of the Money arising from the Composition paid by the Makers of Cider and Perry, since the said jth Day of July 1765; and of the Number of additional Officers employed in ascertaining, charging, and collecting the hud Duty, since the said jth Day of July 1765; mftinguishing each Month, and the Amount of their Salaries, as far as such. an Account can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts da lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, ana Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafelor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor j>f Upton

in the' Parish of Hafelor, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mafaaunt, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Montagu, Sir James Dashwooi, Sir Henry Harpur, Mr.. Bagot, Lord Gar lies. Lord Verney, Lord Grey, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Kyuaflon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gray, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr PophamMr. Price, Colonel

Sif George Savile, Mr. Hewett, Sir William Beauchamp

Pro3or, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Walter, Mr. Sharpe, Lord

Downe, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

SuHtvan, Mr. Fitsaroy, Mr. Coventry, Lord Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Abercrombie, Mf. Harris, Mr. , Mr. Fisher, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Prefot\ and all the Members who serve for the Cottoties Of Warwick, Stafford, Northampton, and Salop: And they are to meet this AOtfJMMk M Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hafelor

Inclosure*

Praties.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others? in the County 0 was prefen ted to

the HOufe, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners s find, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is ordered to be brought/in, for repairing several Roads leading into the Town of Warehetm\ and that the Roads from Langton Maltravers, to the Gate, at the Bottom of Whiteway Hill, in the-Parish of Steeple, is ruinous and incommodious, and cannot be repaired by (he ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing tb« laid Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide rat ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Dorset, and several Persons using the Roads therein after-mentioned, is referred: And mat they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Farrefter, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he . was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Cider and Perry made for Sale, from the 5th Day of July 1755, to the . jth Day of July 1763; distinguishing each Year; and distinguishing also the Quantities charged with the old Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead, from the Quantities /Vo*. 30. ....

A Petition of the Gentlemen, freeholders, and In- Mackfey habitants, of the Town c&Wdverhadipha, ib the ^fouzrijr of Stafford, and Placet accent, what* Names are there* unto tubferibed, in behalf of themselves abd others, was presented to the Hou(R and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe-a Petition hat been presented to the House, taking Notice of an Application for a . Bill to repair the Roads from Muckley to J UftRSW

Heath, and otherPlaces in the said County of Stafford-, and dating, that it would be of; public Advantage, ifw Road was made from the Brook at over the

Lands of the Counted of Montrath, Richard,

Esquire, and Samuel Corbet, Gentleman, and along will Street, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Walsall to Birmingham: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for making and maintaining such Road over the Lands aforesaid, and through Ablewell Street aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, TradeGnen, and other Inhabitants, of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and of the City of Litchfield, and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subsetibed, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Matthews* to dissolve the Marriage of John Matthews with Ann Bivqpx. Matthews, his now Wife, and to enable him. to ininy again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; fas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed.

7 T Resolved,

4° Martii. )A. 1765*

Refobxcl, That the Bill be committed to a Committee living near or travelling on the Road after ejeferibed, w?s of the whole Hoyle. referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter

" Hejifved, That thisHHoule-will, upon Thursday Seven- of the said Petition; and had dkeclrd hint to report the

night, relblve itTelfintoa Committee of the whole House, lame, as it appeared to them, to and he read

upon the said Bill the Rej)ort in his Place; and afterward^ dchccred it in.

; - Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is tee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, as followeth; viz.

'for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and To prove the Allegations of the-laid Petition, a examine WknHfijs, agaihll the said Bill; rf the Parties Member present, being examined, said, That the Road 'concerned think m to be heard by Counfef, or produce leading from the Burgh of by and

Witnesses. ‘ Birkenfide, and in the Shire of Hr :-:uk,

' ' ' through and Kelso, mi he Shire of

Ghfgow . A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town to the which divides England and Scotland,

Roads. of Ayr, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing: And also, is ruinous, narrow,-and incommodious, and cannot be A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town widened, amended, arid kept iri Repair, by the common of Irvine, and its Merghbourhood, subscribing; Course of Law.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Ordered,- That Lwave be given to bring in a Bill for resetting forth, That very great Advantages mull pairing the Road from the Burgh of in the Shire

" -- necessarily accrue to the Kingdom in general, and of Berioitk, to and through Iri the Shire of Roxburgh,

to the Petitioners in particular, from the intended to the Marchburn: And that Mr. Eflwt, Sir Amendtnents of that Part of the Act, passed in the bey. Sir James Douglas, and Mr. Pringle', do' prepare, and r, 2rb Year of his late Majesty, describing the Road bring in, the lame.'

1 leading from the City o(G/a/goiv to Luggle Water, < ’

’ and from thence,'by the Town of Cumbernauld, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open

' to Redbum Bridge, in the Counties of Lanark and-Arable Fields*, and Common Pastures, within the and Dumbarton: And praying, That the said Bill Parish of Waltham, otherwise Waltham the Wolds, in maypafs into a Law, under such Regulations as the County of was read the Third Time,

to the House shall leem meet. - That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open anil lie upon the Table. Arable Fields, and Common Pallures, within the Parish

of Waltham, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the Battersea vCA. Bill for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, County of Leicester.

1SfidKc* Ytotti GltcJJea, ’in' the County of Middlesex, to Battersea, in; Ordered, That Mr. Hezvett do carry the Bill -to the "the Ochinty of Surrey, was read a Second Time. . Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir Francis Vincent, Mt . jinmngs, Lord Co^raine, Mr. Onslow, Mr. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Gcrer Mr. Kdignity, Mr- Fonqreau, Jf-ord Killiers, Sir Arable Fields,.and -CommoaPaflures, within-trie Farish

saw^etidAiXt. Mont^ii, M^.Hewett, of Croxton, otherwise Croxton in the County of

Bird Downe; Mf ,$hiffh'er;Mr. Price, Sr George Yonge, was read the Third Time. .

Mr. Cooke, SWEdward ‘Turner, ;Mr. Gray, Mr.. Pofiharq, That the Bill do pafr; And that the Title

.- Mr. Bagbt, Mrl Alderman Hatley, Mr. Whitworth, Sir be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable WiHkmrBddltefrantp P/'ofloE\$T.'juiliva'tt, Co]Qne\ Rarf^, Fields, and^Common Ra^urei, within the- Parish of Mr. Grettville, Wr. Fairfax^ Mr: Wilson, Sir John Palmer, Croxton', otherwise Croxton Keriaf, in the County of Sir John Glyrne, MmAlderrpan Bechford, S\x Charley Kemys Leicester.

*" fynteiahSrll6ar'ysf(Et: Mr ..Iftolle, Sif. Jarrft Smith, Mf. Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the

' \ J XrBbert, -l#r.r Way-, and all the Members who Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

J,m.X Stpx^ Kent* :-v 4 ' . ’ */ *4

nd-.Sotdkqmpton-, jind fob the &tyo( London; , And they . An ingrossedi Bill/or dividing and inclosing the Open

?are to meeft this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Arable Fields, and Common Pallures, within the Parish ^Speaker’s-Ghambef. of Braun/ioa, otherwise Rnanfton, in the Counry of Lei-

- i dr. r. . - was read the Third Time."

Oswald hL.Mr. Kjnaston reported from the Committee, to whom Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an‘* , the Bill to’enable the Right honourable James Oswald,.An Act.fQrdivVding.and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Qualification the- Right honourable George Sackville, commonly , and Common Paftunesy within the Parish of Braurifton, Bill. -called Lox&George Sackville, to take, \a Great Britain, the oihox'v\^.Braaston,\n the County of

.Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

*Ae Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves f<^r «.

the*Enjeymerit of the said Offices, was committed. That 1. A Bill to enlarge arid continue the Term and Powers, -the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Biy, granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of thh and found the same to be true; and that the Committee ;£Lqgn of his. late Majesty Kin£ George the Second, in-bad gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments -timled, An Act for repairing the Rbads from Voncafle*, thereunto, which they had. diijefted him to.report to the through Fer.ry Brfdge^to the South Side of TadcaJlerCrofs-, House; and he read the Report, in his Race; and’af- Andalfafrom Betty Briifgt to WeatHerby^zaA from thence terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in to Borough Bridge, in the County of York', as to;so much the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once of the said Act as relates to the Roads from Done after, read throughout; and then a Second'Time, One by One'; ^hrqugh Ferry Rnefgfo tO the South Side of Tadcaster O ofs; arid, upon the Question severalfy put thereupon, were was. read a Se59qd., Time.. - -

agreed to by the House. 1 1 Resolved, Tl?at the J Bill ba committed to Mr. Eafcciles,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Butler, ShFraytcis Vincetvt, Mr. -Fisaercai, Ingrossed. t Mt.-.Bulltr, Mr, "Tvmfhnd, Mr.-JemingA Sir

— ’.Ge^e Savile, JMy. :Lord Sir

Lauder { Mr. Elliot reported from the Opmmittee, to whom the 4auntr Mr. Shiffner,- Sir Joseph jSdazabey, Mr. Kfha^vu, Road. Petition 'ef‘the1 Gerirtemenj Freeholdere, arid principal |Mr.. Montqgy, Sir. Jatnes Lord Grey, Loril

Inhabitants, of the Parishes of JLtyder, Earlftown, Smaii- George Sackville^Mt. JI(w<tl% Gray+Mc. Elliott± MI.

holm, Efertozvn,-Makerjloh, Nenthorn, Ktlfd, and Sprouston, Sir Edward turner, Mf. Burr elf Mr^ARler-

20 ' man

Waltlram

inclosure.

Croxton

Indolure.

Bratm^on

laciosure.

Doncaster

to

T nd caller Road.

6 Geo. III.

Mariii:

6i3

Cloth

Manufa£hire«

man Beckford., Mr. Ba, Sir Edward

Lord Carysfort, Sir Matthew Mr. Sandys,

Mr. ttray, Mr. CoventryMr. Mr. Sharpe, General A'Court, Sir Robert Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the* Speaker’s Chamber.

Bcvericr, An logrolled Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from Willas Pump, in the Town of Beverley, In the Fait Riding of the County of York, through and

Great Driffield, to j|; and from M to

Paint on Balk, in the said Riding; was reid the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tliaft;the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, by Molfcroft, to Kendell Houseand from croft, to Bainlon Balk, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George. Savile do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lafcclles reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Broad Woo>le.i‘Cloth, manufactured in the West Riding of the County of York, Was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the famq, as it appeared to them, to the House; and die read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as 'felloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, , Mr. Thomas Lodge, a Merchant, being examined, laid. That the Regulations substituted by an Act, made in the Lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Clothj in the County of and also, lo much ?f £e-

veral other Laws, as, prescribes particular Standards <of Width and.Length ofj such W oollen Cloths, and for.lub-Ktijtuti.ng other Llfgulations ,of, the Cloth Trade, wit fop the Well Hiding of the said. County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents, ipf the Clothf) and for prefeTying the Credit of the said Manufacture at thp so- reign Market, axe .-inadequate for preventing Frauds in certifying the tt.ue, Contends of tfjeCloth’

That, at the Commencement of the said (Ad, plotl^s were truer Ramped, but that, lately they have begun tp false Ramp, and continue so to do; and that lie has fepn Seals with the Searcher’s Mark, and a^Blank left for the Measure._. . ..... f.

That there have been many Merlons caavjdecj for oyer-stretching Cloths under this Act.

That he apprehends it to be a Hardship, that Searchers are allowed to come into Warehouses, as it gives them an Opportunity of prying into the Business; and that no Frauds can be committed in Warehouses.

That not only the Merchant, but every other Person who has Cloth in his Custody, is fubied to the Penalty lor Faults of his Servants; and in case of not sufficient Distress, liable to be lent to the House of Correction.

Mr. William Blackburn, being examined, laid, That it is a great Hardship to the Clothier, in being obliged to wait for his Cloth at the Milling of it Hours before it can be sealed, after it has been ltreamed; and that he is liable to be convicted for mifipelling his Name.

That he likewise thinks it a Hardship on the Manu-fadory, on account of the Duty taken for milling Long Cloths, the Duty being laid upon the Length; and that Long Cloths go a leis Time in the Fulling Mills than shorter Cloths of the same Weight of Wool; that a Cloth 30 Yards long is allowed to be fot upon the Tenters 31 Yards and 26 Inches; but when that Cloth comes out of the Press, it will not measure more than Thirty-one Yards and a Quarter, and consequently cannot deliver the Yard «t the Score; and that Wire Cards are not allowed to be V91. 30.

uled in dressing of Cloth," but fine Hatters Cards are of great Utility in striking Cloth down upon the Tenters, which may be better done with them than Teazles.

And the said W’itncfies further laid, That the said Act is defective in several other Respects.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws, as pre-feribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds, in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the foreign Market: And that Mr. Lafcetlesand Sir George Savile do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

- >

A Bill for the Support and Preservation of the Pafilh Folknftooe Church of Folkestone, and the lower. Part of the Town of CUuriSi. Folkestone, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolvedf, That the Bill be committed to Lord -

raine. Lord. Downe, Mr. Bonvtrie, , Mr. , Mr.

fuller, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Tudway, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr, Butler, Mr. Gray,

Sir Matthew.Fethejlonei Mr. Fotiereaft, Lord Gray, Lord

George Sackville, Mr, Fitzmaurice, Mr. Mr-

Cholmley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hezvett, fit Edward Turner,

Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Roberts, Air. , M4

Gafccyne, Mr. QJhaideston. Mr. WhichtoU Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir joseph Mawbey, Mr. fenhinfop, Lord Cavehdish, Mr.. Praei, Mr. Gore; and, all (the Member

who serve for the Counties, of Kent, Surry, and Suffix-, and for the Cinque Ports - And they are, to ujaet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the^ Committee, to Tonbridge whom the Petition of the several Persons, wlrbfe Names to are thereunto fobforibed, being, TrpRees for peeing in execution so much of an Act, made inyh^ LR, Session of Parliament, for repairing, apd widening the ftoacj from Tunbridge to Maidfone, and from Waft's

in the County of Kent, as relates to the Rp^d.from Tung bridge to Maidstone, was referred, That; the Committee backexamined the Matter of the said Petition; and iiad dtreded. him to report the fame; as itappyared to therq, to die House; and he read the Report in his place,; and afterwards delivered it in attire Clerk’s Table t Where the same was read; and is^as foljoweth viz.

, Tp prove Jhe Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was re$d; and Mr. Collis, Surveyofrof the said Road, laid, That the ’Jyujft ees appointed, by the (a^d Ad have jpfpceeded, in the Execution thereofoand ifor that Purpose have borrowed Eleven hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted.

That the Trustees are refirained from taking more than One Toll upon the Road from Tunbridge to stone, which is not sufficient to repair the Road, as the V cannot borrow any more Money upon the present Tolls; and that the said Act wants amending in many other Respects.

Mr. William Rujfellconfirmed Mr. s Evidence as

to the present Debt, and as to the Necessity of borrowing more Money for repairing the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Jail Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidfone, and from Watt's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone: And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, the Lord Coleraine, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

t

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Peti- Coin*

tiun tv*r*W8tk‘'

624 4 'Martii.A. 1166.

tion of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names jure thereunto subscribed: And also,

Colne A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whole Water-works. Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for supplying the Cities of London and W with Water, firom the River Colne; and that if a Bill should pass into a Law, as prayed for by the said Petition, the Properties of the Petitioners will be gitatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition; and that the Bill thereby prayed for may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feetn meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered . to lie upon the Table.

m

Stort River A Bill for making and continuing navigable the River Navigation. . Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Ejjac, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Htu-i/on, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sir Matthew

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Thomlinfon, Lord Sir John

Sebright, Mr. Long, Sir John Mr. Brand, Sir

George Savi/e, Sir Robert , Mr. , Mr. Price,

Mr. Pturner. Sir Charles , Mr. , Sir

'Francis Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Jarrit Smith, Lord Vernry, Lord Downe, Mr. Grant, Mr. Mr.

Gascoyne, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr.

Fitzmaurice, Lord John Lord Lord

Frederick Campbell, Sir Joftph Mr. Whatley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Middlesex, Cambridge, Norfolk, and

folk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sawtiy A BiH. for repairing and widening the Road from to Bawtry, in the County of York, to Markham Mark lam mcn^ jn County of , and from Little

Drayton, to Twiford Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Coventry, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mf. , Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Ckohrdey, Ml Mr. Mr.

Butler, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.. Houblon, Mr. Butler, Sir George Savile, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cooke, Lora Downe, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whatley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Price, Sir William Beauchamp Probtor, Mr. Gra, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Coventry, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fitzroy, General A'Court, Mr. Gray, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Pturner, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lord

Vcrney, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Keck, Sir Richard Bampfylde; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, Lincoln, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Partfh of St. Botolph, tfwrf* Aldgate, in the City of London, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were nre read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed, that Mr. Julliot, from the ' Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, stnkio*? at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their FunU." Orders,

An Account of the Income of, and the Charges upoq, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, from the 10th Day of October to the 5th Day of January last \

And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Exchequer Year of Fis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act 1 BUbl for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for railing certain Sums of Money, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for more eflfeftually preventing the forgingvPywers t$ transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities, as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent ' peifonating the Owners thereof 1 And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of anS^ft, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

And then he titthdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Tb

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens,. and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

o

/cq‘

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

ft

o

'o The Income of the Sinking Fund, from the loth Day

5th Day of 1766.

Surplu3 of the Aggregate Fund - 153,524

Surplus of the General Fund ----- 157,807

Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund - - 41,883

of October 1765 to the

£ s.

s. d.

7 10

7 7+ 12 zl

Additional Duty on Paper, Anno 1731 - 7,155 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Wines, Anno 1745 - - 9,607 9 4

D° on Glass, and additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 1746 164 6 8

D* additional Duty on Spirits, Anno 1743 ——

D# on Houses and Windows, Anno 1747 - 46,713 14 Jt

D® on Coaches, Anno 1747 - - - - 18,729-

Additional Duty on Poundage since ift March 1747 - 32,784 —

Duty on Wrought Plate, Anno 1720 - - - - 7 13 9

Plate Licences since 5th July 1758 - 1,043 — —

Duty on Salt since 5th April 1759 - - - - 58,935 8 5

Duty on Sweets since Midsummer 1737 - 897 — —

Surplus Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, Anno 1714 - 16,885 8|

D® Coals, Anno 1719 ----- 2,801 7 6

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice since 15 th April 1756 2,533-----

D* Ale Licences, since Rajier 1756 - *4,578 — —

New Duty on Plate - - - - . - - 5,274 — —

Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum since 5th July 1757 12,828 — —

D®, Coals exported since D® - - - 2,610189

Surplus of Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors since

Lady Day 1746 ----- 7,104-

Additional Subsidy on Poundage since 5th 1759 - 56,686 14 3J

Additional Duty on Coffee since D° - - - - 2,578 — —

D®, Chocolate since D® - - - - 1,056 — —

Surplus of the additional Duty on British Spirits and low

Wines since 1 ft. July 1751 ----- 6,451 — —

Additional Duty on Malt since 8th February 1760 - 52,427 — —

D® on Brandy and British Spirits since lift. April 1760 - 51,612 — —

D® since 21st January 1762 ----- 10,390 — —

D®, Windows since 5th April 1762 - - - - 14,791 16 1

Additional Excise on Beer since 24th January 1761 *- 86,628 — —

Duty on Policies since ift June 1765 - - - 133 — —

Coals and East India Goods, exported since D* - - 2,724 13

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wine Licences since

5th July 1757 -..... ——

Unrated Goods imported, undervalued ——

353»2*5 7 73

Chabces on the Sinking Fund, from the Toth Day of October 1765 to

5th Day of January 1766.

To the Bank of England, for 6 Month’s Interest, and Charges of Management on £33,127,821. 5. ij in Consolidated Annuities, to the 5th Day of

January 1766, at £.-7,. per Cent -

To D®, for 6 Months Interest, at £. 3. £ per Cent, and Charges of Management on Annuities granted Anno 1756, to D® -

To D®, for 3 Months Annuity, at £.4. per Cent, due 25th December 1765, on /. 870,888. 5. ci being 25 per Cent.paid off. Part of/. 3,483,553 1. 10. in Navy Bills, £ $c.subsetibed for Annuities, Anno 1763 - -

To D®, for Charges of Management on the said Annuities for the feme Time -To D®, for Annuities granted for 99 and 98 Years, with Charges of Management, for 6 Months, to the 5th Day of January 1766 -

To D®, for 6 Months Charges ol Management of Annuities, Anno 1758, toD® To D®, to reimburse Fees paid the Auditors of the Imprest for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Accounts of £.3. p Cent. Consolidated Annuities. — Annuities granted Anms 1756 and 1758, £.4. per Cent, and Long Annuities 1761 and 1762, for One Year and to the 5th July 1763; and also of Reduced Annuities, for 2 Years, to the 5th April 1763 To D®, to reimburse Fees paid at the Treasury and the Exchequer and Imprest Rolls, for Years, to the 5th July 1763, and for Fees and Charges in passing through the Exchequer, and obtaining a Quietus upon account of Contributions for Annuities 1760, 1761, and 1762, and of Annuities for Years, to the 5th July 1759 - -

To Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of Annuities, granted Anno 1758 To the South Sea Company for 6 Months Interest on Annuities, Amo 1751, and Charges of Management, to the 5th of January 1766 -

To Life Annuities, Anno 1757, at the Exchequer, for 6 Months, to D®

To the Commissioners of the Lottery 1765, in Reward for their £. s. d.

Labour, Pains, and Service -

To the Secretary to the said Commissioners, for incident Expences attending the said Commission -To the Ulher of the Receipt of the Exchequer for Necessaries

- 6,150-----

2,250

3

536,129 15 IX*

£ [889,345

3 7

Balance to be applied in further Part of the Sdqi oi£. 2,100,000 granted for 7 the Service of the Year 1765 - - - - -5

Exchequer, the 4th Day of Match 1766.

S. P, J,

the

£. s. d.

506,153 10 4 26,671 17 6

8,708 17 7I 122 9 4t

125,870 10 if i>4®6 5 —

*3»45* 7

*936 *3 — 31,192 12 —

32,090 1 a 6 15,976 a 6

8,400 — —

2 S 3

771,983 — 6 117,362 3

Os

W

889.345 7

6 Geo. III. 4® Martii,

6 26 /£ Martiu 17

t

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of Hfe present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent Personating the Owners thereof,

THE Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance. of the above Act amount to the Sum of One Million.

Exchequer,

the 4th Day of March 1766. S. P. Julliot.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses-in Parliament assembled:

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

THE Exchequer Bills made out in pursuance of the above Act amount to the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Poundsr--

Exchequer,

the 4th Day of March 1766. S. P. Julliot.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House,

Importation Mr. Shiftier presented to the House, according to and Order, a Bill for more eflfeftually preventing the Ex-^ponauon portation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, Wool. ' Mortlings, , and Wool manufactured, from Ireland into Foreign Parts,*and for securing the same to be imported into Great Britain: And the same was received j and read the First Time. ’

Resolved, That thet Bill be read a Second Time.

t,

Cultivation Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, of who are appointed to prepare, apd, bring in, a Bill for Tree*.fcc. encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation of Trees’, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, that they have Power to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Pre fer vat ionx)f Trees; Roots,' Plants, and Shrubs.

Account; The House was moved. That the Order made upon Cyder,&c. Wednesday last, that there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Number of Makers of Cyder and Perry in the Year commencing 5th July 1764; distinguishing how many of such Makers were exempted Persons, and how many were not exempted; and also of the Quantity of Cyder and Perry made between the said 5th of July 1764, and 5th of July 1765, and charged with the additional Duty, laid'by an Act passed in the Third Year, of His Majesty’s Reign; and also of the Amount of the said

Duty; and of the Money paid by the Makers of Cyder and Ferry between the said 5th of July 1764, and 5th of July, 1765; and also of the Salaries paid the additional.

Officers of Excise employed in charging and collecting' the new Duty on Cyder and Perry for the said Time; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Makers of Cyder and Perry in the Year commencing the 5th Day of July 1764; distinguishing.each Collection, and how many of such Makers were exempted Persons, and how many were not exempted; and also of the Quantity of Cyder a.nd Perry made, between the said 5th of July 1764, and 5th of July 1765, and charged with the additional Duty laid by an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign; and also of the Amount of the said Duty, and of the Composition Money paid by the Makers of Cyder and Perry between the said 5 th of July 1764, and 5th of July 1765; and also of the Salaries paid the additional Officers of Excise employed in charging and collecting the new Duty on Cyder and Perry for the said Time.

Am ingrossed Bill for the better securing the Depen- America; dency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon the fe«uri[.g its Crown and Parliament of Great Britain, was read the DepenJescy, Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.

'by

6 Geo. III.

4° — 5° Martiu

Pr. 2. 1. 2. To leave out " in all Cases whatso-

ever."

And the Question being put, That those Word *stand Part of the Bill;

It was refoived in the Affirmative!

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in upon the Crown

and Parliament of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

American An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act made in the kill Sun.p Ait. Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protedfing, and securing the lame.; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, crl^cr' \ 25°-

’ (Mr. 77;o. 7ozvi:/liend, junior:> 0

Tellers for the Noes,-!

I Mr. James Harris,

112.

’(Mr. Gilbert.

So It was resolvdd in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and-other Duties, in the Britifji Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protedfing, and securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, delating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining, and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein -jnentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Conway do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day' being read;

Clfrp-rr.ms Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Orphans night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Charity House, to consider of the Petition of the Governors of a,e‘ the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows and Chil-‘ dren of Clergymen.

Mercuriiy Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii ifT" Regis, 1766.

-PrayRrs.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Right honourable Oswald's James Oswald, and the Right honourable George and Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, to take, Lord

in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, Q^Ufil^don and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His gm, Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable James Oswald, and the Right honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Re- . ceiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Washington Earl Ferrers, and Henry Earl wilden Ferry of Uxbridge, was presented to the House, and read; on the Trent Taking Notice of the Bill for making a navigable Cut, 10 or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near tVilden Ferry, M (5^altver in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkftone, and Willington, in the said County, JVhie knot* Rudgley, Stone, and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and from tjience, to or near Lawton and Aflbury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that such Cut, or Canal, is intended to be made, for several Miles together, through several Manors and Estates of the Petitioners, and will be very prejudicial to them and other Land Owners; and that the said Bill will, in other respects be injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, again It the said Bill; that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

American Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Scvcn-Cqlonici. uigli£, rdolve itself into a'Comfiiittec of the whPle House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days

ary last, ».id the" 5:h, iot’.i, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and lift Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

East India

Co-npny;

(^uailrication

of

Praprieiors.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resplve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the Bill for regulating tire Qualifications of the Proprietor of Enjl India Stock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

' Vol. 30.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Ditto, unto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the making of that Part of the said Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, to or near Burton, will be very prejudicial to the Estates of the Petitioners and others; and that the present Navigation to Burton will anfiver all the Purposes proposed by the said Bill, so far as it relates to the Navigation between Wilden Ferry and Burton: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves pr Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Property; or that they may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meeti

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.’

Mr." Heweftreported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool

the Bill for the better Regulation of Pilots for the con- Pilots, dufting of Ships and Yclfels into and out of the Port

of

Duke of

Bridgewater’s

Navigation.

Hepton

Inclosure.

Duty on Cider.

0

628 5® — 7 0 Mar . 1766.

of Liverpool, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bdl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were once read throughout, and then a Second Time, OnebyOne; and, upon the Question feve rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Ckufe Was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Security for the Pilotage of Outward bound Vessels.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Most noble Francit Duke of Bridgewater> to extend a Branch of his navi-

gable Cut, or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of Bridgewater, to extend a Branch of his navigable Cut, or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bfll for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rep-ton, in the County of Derby, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Robert Burdett, Baronet, in behalf of himself, and others, Proprietors of Open Field Lands belonging to the Manor of the Priory of Repton, within the Parish of Repton, in the County of Derby; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition to them referred; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Returning Officers, Freeholders, Eledors, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, and allb of Occupiers of Land in and near the said Borough, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Representing to the House, that the Petitioners, and others, are subject to many Grievances, by lb much of Two several Acts, passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, which lays an Additional Duty on Cider and Perry, both with respect to the Tax itself, and to the mode of Coileding it, under the Power of Excise Laws: And praying, That they may be relieved in the Premises, by a Repeal of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the laying a Duty on the Makers of

Cider and Perry; or in such other Manner as the House shall think meet.

Ottered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. For refer, from Account* the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door; Cider,

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, &c-

pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Makers of Cider and Perry, in the Year commencing the fifth Day of July 1764; distinguishing each Collection, and how many of such Makers were exempted Persons, and how many were not exempted; and also of the Quantity of Cider and Perry, made between the said Fifth July 1764 and Fifth July 1765, and charged with the additional Duty laid by an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign; and also of the Amount of the said Duty, and of the Composition Money paid by the Makers of Cider and Perry, between the said 5 th of July 1764 and 5th of July 1765; and also of the Salaries paid the additional Officers of Excise employed in charging and collecting the new Duty on Cider and Ptrry, for the said Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Tht Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Indu whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Qualifi- QudificatioB cations of the Proprietors of East India Stock. of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ^Proprietors.

Mr. Kynaston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the ' Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committees, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Vtneris, 7* die Mart'ti;

Anno 6* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

MR. Byde presented to the House, according to WalArmh Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of IValsworth, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of

Hertford:

> by

Geo. III. Mart it.

Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hext«n . A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Indofere. and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hcxton, in the County of ', except

a Common Pasture called The Cow , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pturner. Lord Grey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Shiftier, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Wynn, Sir George Savile, Sir Beauchamp Mr.

Pennant, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Edmund Sir John

Sebright, Sir A latthezvLambe, Mr. Brand, Sir Charles Farnaby, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pres-

cot, Sir William Baker, Mr. Hume, Sir Bennet Garrard, Sir John Barrington, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Herne, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Kynafon; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Buckingham, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Naburn A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Inclosure. Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor, or Common, within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Pennant, Sir Charles Mr. Byde,

Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumer, Lord Grey, Mr. Hu/ke, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fonereau, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Savile, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Wynn, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Butler, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Clive, Mr. Harley, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Edmonfone, Sir George Yonge, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Mr. Morton, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Richard Bampfylde; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Northumberland, Cumberland, W and Durham: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hinton Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, ac-in the Hedge* cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ghfgow

Koid*.

Mr. Edmonfone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed by an Act, pafiTed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Glasgow, thereunto subscribing; and also the Peti-tition of the Merchants and Traders in the City of Glasgow, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing; and also the Petition of Merchams and Traders of the Town of Dumbarton, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town oi Renfrew, and its Neighbourhood, subscrib-

ing; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town of Paisley, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act was read, whereby it appears, That the Trustees therein named were impowered to repair, among others, the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, to Luggie Water, and from thence to the Town of Cumbernauld, and Redburn Bridge; and also the High Road lead-

Voi.. 30.

I ig from Inchbelly Bridge, through the Town of Kirkintilloch, to the City of Glasgow: And,

Mr. Samuel Garbet, being examined, said, That a great deal of Work has been done upon the said Road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, but that it is found impracticable to carry on the further Repairs of the said Road, so as to answer the good Purposes intended by the said Act, on account of the^many steep Hills, which renders it impracticable for Carriages, even if the Road was in good Repair; that if Power was given to carry the Road on the North Side of Garngadhill, South Side of Germifiorenhilt, by Provan Mill, North Side of Hogganfidd Hill, and from thence, in the old Direction, to the East End of Gamkirks Inclostires; from thence to BeertIsland Bridge; and from thence to or near BadenHeath Cafle-, from thence to Wefier Air dice \ from thence to Mainhead; and from thence to or near Redburn Bridge; it would open an easy Communication between the Two Seas, whereby the Carriage of Goods would be rendered less expensive, and would be of great Advantage to the Commercial Interests of Great Britain in general, and tso that Part of the Country in particular, to the Amount of several thousand Pounds a Year.

Then the said Witness produced a Letter from several Gentlemen of Glasgow, approving of the Application to Parliament, for the intended Alteration, and determining the old Road to be impracticable.

And he further laid. That if the Term and Powers of the said Act were enlarged with respect to both the before-mentioned Districts of Roads, and Power given to turn the Road as aforesaid, the Creditors under the former Act would be better secured than at present.

Mr. Charles Gascoigne, being examined, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence; and added, That there are several Hills upon the old Road leading from to Redburn

Bridge, which rife one Foot in Six for One hundred Yards together; and that Carriages from Eighteen to Twenty hundred Weight, drawn by Two Horsesupon a common Read, could not be drawn up those Hills with the same Number of Horles with more than Seven hundred and an half Weight.

That there is not a Hill upon the intended Road that riles more than one Foot in Twenty, and that Two Horses might draw Eighteen or Twenty hundred Weight upon any Part of it.

That the Price of Carriage is at present One Shilling a Hundred, but, upon the intended Road, would be carried for. Nine Pence; and that the Witness would give Security to carry for Nine Pence a hundred Weight all the Y’ear round; and that, upon the whole, he apprehends there would be a Saving in the Price of Carriage of upwards of Three thousand Pounds a Year, according to the Quantity of Goods now carried; and would be a Means of a much greater Quantity coming into the Country, if they could go by that Road; that, in the new Line of Road, a Bridge of One Arch only will, be necessary over Luggie Water, which will not cost above Three hundred Pounds; whereas to make a fulfi-cient Bridge over the same Water in the present Lire of Road, would cost one thousand Six hundred Pounds; of which an Estimate has been made by Order of the Court of Session, and given in upon Oath.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads, from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Luggie Water, Cumbernauld, and Redburn Bridge; and for altering the Course of the last mentioned District of Roadj And that Mr. Edmonfone, Mr. Butler, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Wed-derburn, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Hufke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common

7 X Field,

Hatberop

Inclosure,

630 7 Miartii. A. in66.

Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of Hatherop,\n the County of And the lame

was necaved; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brad nop The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to lndofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whitby Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to sien' whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being. Owners or Masters of

Ships belonging to the Port Whitby, in the County of York, in behalf of them (elves, and many others; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Masters of Ships belonging to , in the County of York, in behalf of themselves and many others; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Robert Dewsbury, being examined, said, That he is acquainted with the Coal Trade, at Neivcaflle and -land; that it is my extensive; that many Inconveniences arile to the.Trade from the Methods now used by the Coal Fitters at those Ports, by frequently refilling Loadings to Masters of Ships who apply for the fame, and from other Proceedings of such Fitters; and the Witness apprehends, that many of the Inconveniences which the Masters of Ships ate liable to would be prevented, if the Persons employed as Fitters in the Coal Trade at the said Ports were obliged to keep public Lifts in their Offices of all Ships applying, for Loadings;- and alto to load all such Ships as shall be entered in their due Course; and that Masters of Ships should be obliged to load with the Fitters in whose Office they shall enter and fix.

And he added, That these Matters have been considered by many employed in the Coal Trade, who declared themselves of the same Opinion wi.th lnmself in rei'pest to the Regulations he had mentioned.

Mr. William Chapman, being examined, said. That he has been present when Coal Fitters at Sunderland refuted to load Ships that offered, saying, they must give the Preference to their Friends; and that the Ships they gave the Preference to were then at London-, and that he has known the Master of a small Ship from Plymouth apply to several Fitters at Sunderland for a Loading, which being refused him, he was obliged to go to Newcastle.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Major, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. ley, and Sir Walter Blackett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sutton, Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a, Bill to render more effectual an Act, made Drainage. jn pourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningkolme Grange, and Foirholme,

North Skirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Leven,

Heigholme, and Hallytree Holme, Brandos Burton, and Burjal, Ejke, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wawn, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpe *.ThorpeMarftt, and a Piece of land called Marfl‘

within the Parish of Barmby upon Dunn, in the County of Bk olurc'

York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Buller, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mr.

Fonereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr. Ky-

nafton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bull, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Mr. Burrell, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Wynn, Sir Mr. Penton, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Montagu,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Harris, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Parker, Mr. Powlet. Sir John Cotton;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Lincoln, Nottingham, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Heritors, Merchants, and Inhabit- Glasgow ants of the Town of Cumbernauld, thereunto subscrib- Roads, ing, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the late King, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, the Highway from Glasgow to Luggie Water, and from thence to the Town of Cumbernauld, and Reaburne Bridge, is directed to be repaired; and that great Progrets has been made therein, within the County of Lanerk, though but very little in the County of Dumbarton; as a general Meeting of the Trustees for that Road, held on the Third of June 1761, directed the Road to be repaired in a Line contrary to the Intention of the Act, which obliged the Petitioners to appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Counties of Lanerk and Dumbarton; and that the Justices for the County of Lanerk, on the Sixth of November 1761, had reverted the Order of the Trustees, and ordained the Turnpike Road to be carried through that County in the perfect Direction, to Luggie Water but the Justices of the County of Dumbarton, on the Second of March 1762, affirmed the Sentence, or Order, of the Trustees appealed from; which came before the Court of Session in Scotland, by Suspension, when the Objection to the Competency of the Court was repelled, upon account of the Circumstances of the Cafe* and Three Surveyors were appointed to visit the present and new proposed Roads, and upon whose Report being given in, the Lords, on the Tenth of March 1764, found that the Road must be carried in the old Direction, through the Town of Cumbernauld, and suspended the Decree of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Dumbarton,/impliciter; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented, and a Bill probably depending, for an Alteration of the Direction of that Road, established by the above-mentioned Act, and confirmed by the Sentence of the Court of Session; and representing, that the Road, put in the Direction petitioned for, will not come near to the Town of Cumbernauld by almost half a Mile, and that it will patk over some Hills considerably higher than any in the present Road, where no heavy Carriages can be used; and that, at or near Bandenheath Castle, it will cross a Valley, which, for near a Mile in Length, and for several Hundred Yards in Breadth, is every Flood covered with the Water of Luggie, which runs through it, and where Bridges

and Parapet Walls will be needed, which will cost immense Sums; and also, that almost the whole Road that has been made, in the County of Lanerk, and which has cost a great Sum of Money, will be rendered useless, and loft to the Public; and therefore, the Petitioners beg Leave further to represent, that they apprehend that the said Alteration petitioned for, and Bill, if brought in, is unnecessary, and will be ineffectual to

answer

Glasgow

Roads.

Mailing Street, ear Lewes, Road.

Marston

inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 7 Martii. 651

answer any good Purpose, and in its Gonsequences prove oppressive and hurtful to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, the House, to take the Premises under their Confederation; and that the Petitioners may be allowed to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petition and Bill. and that the feme may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of James Robertm and Archibald Rober-ton, Esquires, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Trustees, and the said Archibald Roberton is a Creditor, under the said Act, to the said Road from Glasgow to Water,

Cumbernauld, and Redburn Bridge; and in an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the late King, forex-plaining, amending, and rendering the same more effectual; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is now depending in the House, for altering the Direction of the said Road, and for continuing and enlarging the Term in the aforesaid Acts, and making the feme more effectual, as to the new Direction of the Road before-mentioned; and representing, that the greatest Part of the present Road, betwixt Glasgow ana Luggie Water, is made, and particularly where it passes through the Petitioners Estate in that County; and that the Grounds are mostly inclosed that lie on the Side of the present Road where the same is made; and also, that the Road may be carried on, and made in Form of the present Act, in a way more convenient for the Public, and without any steep Ascents, and as near, and at less Expence, than the Road in the Direction before mentioned; and ,that, if this new proposed Road was to take place, the greatest Part of the Turnpike Road already made through the County of Lanerk, will be of no Use to the Public, and the Damages sustained by Individuals, by the proposed Alteration, will be very great: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises under their Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the feme may not pais into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom the . Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25 th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hutfi Green, through the Parishes of and

Burwash; and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battell, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Marston, in the County of the City of York, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bootle, Sir George Warren, Mr.

Mr. Bull, Mr. Onglty, Mr. Morton, Mr. Burrell, Lord

BrownlowBertie, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Montagu, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Mexborough, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Wmterttn, Mr. But-

VOL. 30.

ler, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pow-

let. Sir Robert Burdett, Sir John Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mills, Lord Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Sir Edward Wimtington, Mr. General Whitmore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Edward

Turner, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr.; and.

all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and

Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Repton, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Reptonx in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill#for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several others, whose Names are thereunto fubteribed, the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Mid, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had direct od him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Morgan Gwynn, being examined, said. That the Fence of lueh Part of the said Square as was lately inclosed is gone to decay, and the feme now lies open and common to the Ways adjoining, and is become a Receptacle for disorderly Persons, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants, and to the danger of their Lives and Properties.

That if a proper Inclosurewas made in the said Square, and if the same was properly lighted, paved, and cleansed, it would be or great Advantage to the Inhabitants, and to the Public in general.

That the said Inhabitants are desirous to raise a sufficient Sum of Money, by a Rate upon themselves, for the Purpose of inclosing, paving, cleansing, enlightening, and adorning the said Square; and for making Satisfaction to the Lessees of the Ground intended to be inclosed.

Mr. Thomas Walley Partington, being examined, confirmed Mr. Gwynn's Evidence; and fort her feid, That the Part of the said Square formerly inclosed is leased to private Persons; and that he had applied to the Agents of the Lessees, and found them willing to assign over their said Lease for the Purpose of adorning the said Square.

Ordered,

Rep tan inclosure.

Haverhill

to

Red Crofr Road.

A (h borne,

See.

Road.

Berkley

Square.

Richmond

(Surrey)

Poor.

63 2 7° Martii. A. 1766.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for tnclosing, paving, cleaning, lighting, and adorning, Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover

Square, in the County of Middlesex: 'And that Mr. reU and ‘Mr. Frederick Montagu do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Nobleman, Gentlemen, and others, residing at Richmond and Kew, in the County of Surrey, and of several Freeholders and others, possessed of Estates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highway, from the late Horse Ferry at Kew, to Richmond, was over Kew Green, and through Kew Lane; that the late Queen

Caroline, about the Year 1731, caused the Hoad from the said Horse Ferry, to the End of a Lane, on the West Side of the Royal Garden, to be made a convenient Carriage Way, and after such Carriage Way was made, it was occasionally used by Passengers from the said Ferry to Richmond; that a Bridge hath been lately built near the lower Ferry at Kew, and a new Road made over the Green to Kew-Lane, which is now the common Highway from Kew to Richmond, and consequently the Carriage Way made by her late Majesty is useless; that Kew-Lane is much out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow j and that the Petitioners have reason to believe the King’s Most Excellent Majesty will be pleased, at His own Expence, to cause the said Lane to be amended, and made commodious for Passengers and Carriages, and the Road from the said Bridge to Richmond to be kept in good Repair for the future, in case the Carriage Way, from the late Horse Ferry, to the End of the Lane on the West Side of the Royal Gardens, and also the Carriage and Foot-way, from the End of the said Lane to Richmond Green, shall be respectively (hut up, and discontinued; thjtf a Bill is now depending in the House, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; and that as the amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kew to,

without any Expence to the Inhabitants, will be an Advantage to them, and the (hutting up the Carriage Way and Foot Path before described will not injure any Person whattbever; therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referied to Lord , Mr.

tagu, Mr. Sandys, Mr. JVynn, Lord Grey, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Butler, Sir James Peachy, Mr. Powell, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Millet, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, General Howard, Mr. Shelley, General Grame, Sir Alexander Gilmour, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Mr. Brude-

uell. Lord Mounljluart, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Lord Adam

Gordon, Colonel Scott, Colonel Howe, Sir Hugh Dalrymple. Sir George Pocock, Mr. Darner, Sir Andrew Mitchell, Mr. Drummond, Lord Lisburn, Mr. Cocks, General Whit more, Mr. Robinson, Sir James Lowther, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Jun. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Secretary Conway, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Onslow, Lord Brownlow Bert, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Gore, Lord Downe, Lord Villiers, Sir George Savile, Sir George Yonge, Mr. General Honeywood, Mr. Fitzwilliam, Mr. Dundas, Sir

John Sebright, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Frederick Fane, Mr. Plumer, Lord George Caven-disk, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Shu/tleworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cujf, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. IVhichcot, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Penton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Way, Mr. Cholmley, Colonel Nugent, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Staunton, Sir Francis Delaval, Mr.

Mr. Chester, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Foley,

General A'Court,; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, Essex, Hertford, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Richmond., in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; that it would greatly conduce to the Benefit and Convenience of the Petitioners, and all Persons residing in or referring to the said Town, if the Trustees to be named in the said Bill were authorized and impowered to take away all Posts, and to remove all Obstructions, Incroachments, and Annoyances# in the said Streets and other Places, and to prevent the like for the future; and also, if the Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, in the principal and most frequented Parts of the Town, were obliged to cause the V\ ater to be conveyed by proper Pipes, from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, down the Sides thereof, into the Streets, or the Grounds or Lands belonging to the Owners thereof: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by. Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Then-ford, otherwise Feuford, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees to be sold for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in; and for making

the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Lord Downe, Mr. Praed, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Stephens, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr.

Richmond

(Surrey)

Poor,

Army; Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Thenford

Inclosure,

Lord

Midleton's

Estate.

Whitby

Piers-

Bast India Company; Qualification of

Proprietor*.

Nabum

ladofure.

Hafelor

inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 7°MartiL 633

Dempster, Mr. Cavendijk, Mr. , Mr. Plttmer, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Sir Alexander G Mr. Thomas Jhend,]\sn. Mr. Seawetr, and all the Member who serve for the Counties of N cttingbcm, rrci t i Sea Ccaft Counties, lw added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chaldcron Coals, granted by an Act of the First Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Biers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping

there, is committed.

Mr. Kynaston, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Proprietors of East India Stock, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the house.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Proprietors a Number of Votes in proportion to their Stock.

And the said Clause was Once read, with Blanks.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be tdSecond Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the

Tellers for the } Sj.

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor, or Common, within the Manor and Township of Nabum, in the East Riding of the County of York; which Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafelor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor of

Upton Hafelor, in the Parish of , in the County of

Warwick; which Bill was, upon Tuesday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Count eft horpe, in the county of ;

which Bill was, upon Thursday the 27th Day of February last, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, haying been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pasture% and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bla, in the County of Leicester; which Bill was, upon Thursday the 27th Day February last, read the First; Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Rice, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1766.

Mr. Rice, also from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A State of what remains due on Account of sundry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova , in the Years 1750, 1751, 1752, 1762, and 1763, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1765 to the 24th June 1766: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 176$ to the 24th of June 1766: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1765 to the 24th of June 1766: And also,

Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North , for the

Year 1766: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishments of the New Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South , and Cape

Rouge, for the Year 1766.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and State were read.

The said Estimates and State are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

7Y ESTIMATE

Counted horpe inclosure.

Blabv

inclosure.

Account*; Nova Scotia, See.

34

7° Mar

A\ 1766.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony

of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1766.

To an additional Salary to the Governor ....

To the Salary of the Chief Justice....

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Secretary, for himfdf and Clerks -

To the Salary of the Naval Officer -

To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salaries of the Surveyor and Deputy Surveyor of Lands, and for other Contingent Expences attending that Establishment To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To a Salary to the Treasurer -

To a Salary to the Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Districts of the Province ——

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House, and Public Offices To the Expence of the Pilot Boat -

To the Expente of an Orphan House -

To an Allowance for sundry Establishments at Lunenburg -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

£ s.

500 —

5°° —

too —

262 10

182 10

182 10

321 15

96 12

5* 6

5° —

2CO

34.0 —

288 l5

203 —

384 T

202 3

1,000

n

4,866 3 5

A STATE of what remains due on Account of sundry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova Scotia

in the Years 1750, 1751, 1752, 1762, and 1763.

To Balance of an Account for Provisions supplied the Garrisons at Ckignetto, and other Services perfopmedj. and Expences incurred there, by Captain in the Years 1750, 1751, and

1752 - - - - -To Balance of an Account for Goods supplied, and other Expences incurred, for carrying on

Commerce with the Indians, upon the Plan settled by Governor Lawrence for that Trade -

To Balance of Bills of Exchange, drawn by Jonathan Belcher and Montagu Esquires,

Lieutenant Governors of Nova Scotia, for sundry Expences incurred for the Service of Nova

Scotia, in the Years 1762. and 1763, over and above the Estimates for that Service

97911 3

4>329 1 4

2,700 — —

8,008 12 j

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1765,10 the 24th of June 1766.

To the Salary of the Governor ——

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Secretary -

To the Salary of the Clerk of Assembly ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Register General of Quit-rents

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance fora Minister of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony - -

To an Allowance to the Pilot stationed at the Mouth of Savanna River, with a Boat and fuse ficient Hands -

To an Allowance for contingent Expences -

To a Continuation of the Provisions, made by the late Trustees for purchasing from the Growers, the Balls, or Cocoons of Raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it - -

£ J.

t,oooo-----

500-----

100 — — 20 — —

150-----

100-----

150-----

100 — — 116 — — 200 ——

50-----

500-----

1,000 -

3,986-----

.d by v^.

6 Geo. III.

7° Martii.

ESTIMATE of the Civil Eftibli foment of His Majesty’s Province of East , and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1765 to the 24th of June 1766.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - ....

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council

To the Salary of the Register ——

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To.an Allowance for an Assistant - -

To-the.Salary, of tha Agent -

To a Minister at St\ Augttjline - - - * - - - 1

TaaiMinister at Sr. Mark's

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £.25each. - - . -

Toan-Allowance for a.Pilot established at St. Augustine - - * -

To an-Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences. -

To-an-Allowance for the Encouragement-of the Culture of-Silk, Vines* and other. Articles of beneficial Produce - - - . - -

Tuan-Allowance for the Pure hale of a proper Assortment of Goods* for Prefen ts to the Indians

1,200 -

500 — —

150-----

150-----

too -

120-----

30-----

200,-----

IOO — —

loo — -

50-----

50-----

1,000 -

500 — 1,000 — —

5.250-----

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of and other incidental

Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1765 to the 24th of June 1766.

‘W

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice * - ’ -

To the Salary of the Attorney General

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -

To the Salary of the Register - -

To the Surveyor of Lands ——

To an Allowance to an Assistant -

To the Salary of the Agent ——

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola ——

To the Salary of a M*nifterat Mobile -

To the Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £.25 each -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal ——

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences - -

To a Bounty for the Encouragement of the Culture of Silk, Vines, and other Articles of beneficial Produce -

To an Allowance for the Purchase ofaproper Aflbrtment of Goods, for presents to the Indians

£ dm

1,200 -

5OO -- —

I50-----

150-----

IOO — — 120 — —

JO-----

200 -- —

IOO —

IOO-----

50-----

IOO -

1.000 — —;

500-----

1.000-- — — -----.

5,300 -

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

for the Year 1766.

To an Allowance for a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District To Two Aflilfant Surveyors, to be employed in the General Survey, at per Day each To one Draftsman, at 5 s. per Ddy -

To an additional Pay of u. 8 d.per Day to Ope Serjeant, ts. per Day to One Corporal, and 6 d.per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Gamp Colour, and Chain Men, and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains -To extraordinary Expences for 1 lorfes. Guides, &c. -

To the like Expences and Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District -

To an Allowance of 1 os. per Day, for an additional Deputy Surveyor and Six Assistants, for expediting the Survey of the Island of Cape Breton -

To an Allowance upon account, for Fees to be paid upon the Orders for the Receipt, and upon the issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimatt -

£* J. dm IOO — —

254 10 — > 91 5

*55 2 100 — — 700 17 —

182 10 —

200-----

Vol. 30.

1,784 4 —

636

7" Martii.

A. 1766.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishments of the New Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate between the Port of Salee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1766.

To a Salary to the Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Superintendent of Trade at James Fart, in the River Gambia -To a Salary to the Secretary to the Province -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers -

To an Allowance fora School master at St. Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs -

To an Allowance for Repair of Forts and other contingent Expences -

To the Expence of an armed Sloop, to be employed under the Command of the Governor Tt> a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province -

I. s.

1,100-----

400 — — 200 — — 200 — — zoo ——

5°-----

1*0 -- —

2,000 — —

1,000 — — 200 ——

5>55°-----

Mitiria Pay and Clothing.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of 28 Da^x Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Mil? tia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning

the 25th Day of March 1766, That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMxATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistence for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the1 Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at 1 s. each, 28 Days -

Ditto, to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s.a Day each -

Ditto, to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each -

Ditto, to 1,200 Drummers, at 6 d. a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6 d.a Week each -

Ditto, to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each -

Ditto, to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d.a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at 50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at - Ditto to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer -

Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at £.1,ior. each - -

Ditto, for 1,542 Serjeants, at £.3. 10s. each -

Ditto, for 1,200 Drummers, at £.z.each -

For additional Pay, for Clothing 54 Serjeant Majors and 55 Drum Majors, at £.1. each Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6 d.per Day, for 28 Days -Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3*.

6 d.each, for 28 Days -

Ditto, to 435 Ensigns, at 3*. each, for 28 Days

£. s. d.

43>f76-----

7,665-----

28,141 10 —

10,950 — . —

6,168-----

455 -

*3* *5 — 1,079 8 —

3,500-----

4,000 — —

10,6*3-----

46,260 — —

5,397-----

2,400-----

108 — — S,229 -

2,748 l8 — i»8*7-----

179,766 1 x — -

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

6 Geo. HI. ' i° — icf M 657

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being wad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* mil tee, that they do consider of the Laws relating tQ the Duties on Cider and Perry.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament* relating to Cider and Perry, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Cider and Perry madfc for Sale, from the 5 th Day 01 1755

to the 5th Day of July 1765; distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing also the Quantities charged with th? old Duty of Four Shillings per Hogshead, from the Quantities charged with the Duty of Six Shillings and Right Pence per Hogshead j be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Cider and Perry made since the 5th Day of July 1765, and charged with the additional Duty laid by an Act, passed in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, together with the Amount of such Duty; and aUb of the Amount of the Money arising from the Composition paid by the Makers of Cider and Perry, fine? the said 5th Day of July 1765; and of the Number of additional Officers employed in ascertaining, charging, and collecting the said Duty, since the said 5th Day of July 17651 distinguishing each Month, and the Amount of their Salaries, as far as such an Account can be made up; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account *f the Number of Makers of Cider and Perry in the Year commencing the 5th Day of July 1764, distinguishing each Collection, and how many of such Makers were exempted Persons, and how many were not exempted; and also of the Quantity of Cider and Perry made between the said 5th of July 1764 and 5th of July 1765, and charged with the additional

Duty laid by an Act passed in the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign; and also the Amount of the said Duty, and of the Composition Money paid by the Makers of Cider and Perry, between the said 5th of July 1764 and 5th of July 1765; and also of the Salaries paid the additional Officers of Excise employed in charging and collecting the new Duty on Cider and Perry for the said Time; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornnvall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cornewall also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Vox,. 30.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflUe his Warrant to King (ton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the n^Jj*°* eleCling of a Burgefe to serve in this patent Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in, the room, of Sir George Montgomery frlethajn, Knight j who, fence. his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Patent Clerk of His Majesty’s Wardrobe.

And then the House adjourned till* Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

4

Luna* 1 o# die Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii JII1*' Regis, 1766.

Praters.

SIR Robert Ladbroke Reported from the Committee, to AUhallowr whom the Petition of several, of the Trustees appoint; 011Wall ed to put in execution an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to renefer the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was. referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the fai<L Act was read, whereby the Trustees are impowered tq borrow a Sum of Money, not exceeding .4,000.

Mr. William Deyongh, Clerk to the said Trustees, produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that the said Trustees had borrowed the said Sum of £. 4,000, and had paid. or contrafted to pay, the Sum of £.4,062. 5J. for rebuilding the said Church and Rector’s House only; apd that the other Works necessary fox making commodious Ways, and carrying the other Purposes of the said Act into execution, are estimated at £.415. 19*

And, being examined, he said, That great Progress ha* been made in repairing the said Church, which is already nearly completed; but that it will not be possible to carrythe said Act into execution, without the furtbej Assistance of Parliament; the present Rate being insufficient for that Purpose.

Mr. George Dance, Surveyor, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Deyongh.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more' effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish Church of All~ hallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render thq Paffltges to and from the said Church and House more commodious: And that Sir Robert Ladbroke and Mr. Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the C04I Owners, and Coal Fitters of the Whifcjr River Wear, apd Port and Haven of Wonderland, in the ®*r>* County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscrjl?-fd, on behalf of themselves and the several other C04I

7 Z Ownetv

638 IO* Mart A. 1766.

Owners, and Coal Fitter?, of the said River, Port, and Haven, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by several Acts of Parliament, the Petiti-tioners, and all other Coal Owners of the River Wear, are liable to pay Three Half-pence for every Chalder of Coals and Cinders brought to the Harbour of Sunderland, and the Coal Fitters and Factors One Halfpenny for every such Chalder, for the Preservation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of and making

the River Wear navigable; and that the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by former Acts of Parliament, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of , and for the better regulating the Shipping the re; and representing, that the further Continuance of the said Duty of One Farthing per Chalder upon all Coals shipped at the Port of Sunderland, will be a heavy Charge upon the same Port, and tend to the Discouragement of Trade there; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill (liould pass into a Law, it will greatly affect the Trade and Property of the Petitioners, and many others: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the House will give them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the First of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of , in the County of

and for better regulating the Shipping the re, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their mid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Tnfl.ruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

WildenFerry A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manu-

on the Trent fasturers, redding in the Town of Stafferd, in the County

Mersey River of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read;

pan»l Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that an Application is intended to be made for a Bill to make a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the making and maintaining the said Navigation will be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near and Willing ton in

the said County, Whichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and Burslem, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to or near Law-ton and AJlbury, in the County of and to the River

Mersey, is committed.

T’jf ow Fetltion Archibald Sterling, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is a Trustee and Creditor, under an Act for making a Turnpike Road from Inchbelly Bridge, through the Town of Kirkintilloch, in the County of Dumbarton, to the City of G/afgow, in the County of Lanark, which is one of the Roads comprehended in the Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the late King, for repairing several Roads leading to the said City of G/afgow, and in the

Act of Parliament, that passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the late King, for explaining, amending, and rendering the same more effectual; and that the Petitioner is informed, that a Petition has been presented to the Iloule, for Leave to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, not only with respect to the Road above mentioned, but also for altering the Direction of the Road from the said City of Glasgozv, to LuggieWater, Cumbernauld, and Redburn

Bridge-, and that, in case the Bill petitioned for should pass into a Law, the Road above mentioned, that has been made in consequence of the aforesaid Acts of Parliament, and at great Expence, will not only be in a great measure loft, and of little Use to the Public, but also the Petitioner’s Security, for the Money he has advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls of the Road leading from Inchbelly Bridge, to the City of Glasgozv, will thereby be greatly weakened, and rendered insufficient:

And therefore praying, That the House may take the Premises under their Consideration, and allow the Petitioner to be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Petition and Bill, if brought in; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Elliot presented to the House, according to Order, L a Bill for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through KelJ'o, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in In< the Parish of Blaby, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Paimer. Lord Winter ton, Mr. Darker, Mr. Montagu,

Sir Robert Burdett, Lord M, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Grey, Kir. Forrester, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Bogota,

Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Orwell, Sir

Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Elliot, Lord Mcxborough, Sir

Alexander Grant, Mr. Fuller, Lord Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Charles Kemys Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Sir Edmund

Ifham, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Herne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir James Douglas have Leave to go into j the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa-(ions.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Cooi Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish in of Counte/lhorpe, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Palmer, Lord Mexborough, Mr. Darker, Sir Robert Long, Lord Pigot, Mr. Long, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Townshend, Mr. , Sir Charles

' Kemys Tynte, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fuller, Mr. , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumer, Lord Orwell, Sir John Glyme, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Gore, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Edward Turner, Sir John Morgan, Sir Roger Mostyn, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Sib-thorpe, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. , Mr.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Norris-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: And

they

Lord

Midleton’J

Estate.

Battcrfea

Bridge*

Recounts

from

Chamberlain

Of

London.

Account; Coals, &c.

Importation

of Gloves.

6, Geo. III. io Marti639

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount Midleton, of the Kingdom of in Trustees, to be sold, fqr paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland-, and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge, crols the River of Thames, from , in the County of Middlesex, to Battersea, in the County of Surrey, is

committed.

The House being informed, that the Chamberlain of the City of London attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1765: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, from 5th July 1764 exclusive, to the 5th Day of July 1765, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coals and Cinders, exported from Sunderland, from Christmas 1730 to 1735,

and from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which the same were exported.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glove Sellers, and Glove Manufacturers. Leather Dressers, and Leather Sellers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark-, and also the Petition of the Leather Glove Manufacturers and Leather Dressers of the City of cester-, and also the Petition of the Glove Makers and Leather Dressers of the City of Hereford-, and also the Petition of the Glove Manufacturers, Glove Sellers, Leather Dressers, and Leather Sellers of the City of York; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the Three first-mentioned Petitions; no Person appearing in behalf of the last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,-as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

It appears by an Account from the Custom House referred to your Committee, that the Quantity of Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mitts, which have been seized in the lad Seven Years, have greatly increased; it appearing by the said Account, that the Quantity seized in One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight, was Two hundred and Seventy-three Dozen and Eight Pair; and in the Year 1764, One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-eight Dozen and Seven Pair;

Vol. 30.

that in the last Year, there was only Five hundred and Sixty-two Dozen and Eight Pair -, but your Committee apprehends the reason of the Difference in the last Year to be owing to the Application made to Parliament by the Trade in the last Session, which deterred the French from venturing so many as they otherwise would have done.

That by another Account from the Custom House,' referred to your Committee, it appears that the Quantity of Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mittens imported into England for the last Seven Years, and which have paid Duty, amounts only to One hundred and Twenty-three Dozen and One Pair, the Duty of which is £.39. 5s. 3 \d.

And that by another Account, also from the Custom House, and likewise referred to your Committee, it appears, that the Duty upon Skins imported into England in the Years 175? and 1764, were as follows:

In the Year 1758,

£ s‘ £. s. d.

French Kid Skins - 1,287 6 o

Italian D® - - 3,077 16 6

LambSkins - - 187 2 10

----- 4,^62 4

In the Year 1764,

French Kid Skins - 14 10 8

Italian D° - - 1,393 2 8

Lamb Skins - 194 15 2

- - 1,602 8 6'

Which makes a Diminution to the Revenue in those Two Years of - £.2,959 16 4

Then Mr. George Jennings, a Glove Manufacturer, informed your Committee, that, of late Years, great Quantities of Gloves have been clandestinely brought into this Kingdom, by which Means the Trade is greatly decreased; that he has not Employ for a Fourth Part of the Hands as he had formerly; that the Revenue is likewise affected thereby, in proportion to the Number of Gloves smuggled in; and that if the Importation of Foreign Manufactured Gloves and Mitts was prohibited, the Skins, of which such Gloves ate made, would be imported into this Kingdom, in order -to be manufactured here.

Mr. John Pitt, a Glove Manufacturer, confirmed the aforegoing Evidence.

Mr. James Knowles, a Leather Dresser, being examined, said, That formerly he has imported large Quantities of Skins, but that now he cannot get them, owing not only to the French manufacturing their own Kid and Lamb Skins, but to their buying up others at Foreign Markets; and that the Witness was prevented by that Means of having Forty thousand Slans from one House in Italy last Year, which the French bought up for their own Use,

Mr. Robert Perry, a Leather Dresser, confirmed the last Evidence, with respect to the Decline of the Trade, and gave the same Reasons; and added, That he does not employ a Third Part of the Hands he did formerly. 1

Mr. Richard Griffith, a Glove Seller, said, That great Quantities of Gloves are clandestinely brought into this Kingdom, and whenever they are seized, are sold at the Custom House with certain Stamps; and that, under cover of such Gloves so fold and damped at the Custom House, great Quantities of Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves that have been fmUggled into this Kingdom, and escaped Seizure, are daily vended and fold; to the great Distress and Blin of our own Manufacturers.

Mr. Timothy Bevington, a Glove Manufacturer, and

Leather

640 10° MartU. J. 1766.

Importation Leather Dresser at Worcester, being examined, laid. That dangerous; and that the kmc cannot be effectually re-

of Glove*, the Glove Trade in the City of Worcester is greatly pa-red and widened by the present Methods pretenbed decreased, owing to the clandestine Importation of Fo- by Law:

reign Gloves and Mittens; that great Numbers of the Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member present Trade are now unemployed, and others but half em- at the Committee.

ployed, and that those Persons are only so employed , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, far

to keep them from starving; that he has been obliged repairing several Roads leading into the Borough of ft:

to turnoff about a Fourth Part of the People which he War, in the County of And that Mr. John "

used to employ; that be apprehends that to be the Pitt and Mr. Peter Burrell do prepare, and bring in, the r

Cafe all over the City of Worcester; and that if the Im- lame.

portation of Foreign Leather Gloves and Mittens was

prohibited, he thinks that our own manufactured Gloves A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town and Warchaoa

and Mittens would be fold cheaper than they are at pre- Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, and the sent. several Gentlemen* Freeholders, and Owners, and Oc-

The said Witness being further aflted. Whether the cupiers of Lands, in the Neighbourhood of the said clandestine Importation of the Foreign Leather Gloves Town of Wareham, whose Names are thereunto fub-and Mittens, had not considerably lessened the Number feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting of Lamb Skins of the Produce of this Country, which forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the -Votes of the used to be dressed for the Purpose of making Gloves ? House, that Application has been made for a Bill for informed your Committee, that, about Four or Five repairing and widening the several Roads mentioned in Years ago, his House used Annually to dress about One the said Petition, leading into the said Town; and that I

hundred Thousand English Lamb Skins for that Pur- the Petitioners have great reason to apprehend, that, pose; that for Two or Three Years last past, his House should the said Bill pats into a Law, it would greatly in-has only dressed Fifty or Sixty Thousand, which De- jure the little Trade and Commerce of the said Town, as cteafe is chiefly owing to the said clandestine Importa- lo many Branches of Road are inserted in the said Peri- J

tion of Foreign Gloves; and that it is not worth while, tion, and the mofl material Branch leading from Ware-for that reason, for poor People to collect such Lamb ham to Beer Regis, in the said County of Dorset, is taken Skins, which is a total Loss to this Country. no Notice of, though the said Road is very ruinous» and

Mr. George Hill, a Glove Manufacturer at Worcester, that the Petitioners therefore hope no Toll Gate will be confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness, with respect placed to affect Persons travelling the said Road, unlefe to the Decline of the Trade, and gave the same reason the said Road be included in said Bill; and that the Pe-for the Cause of it; but added, that he imagined that titioners also apprehend, that the Tolls to be collected the lesser Manufacturers were more considerable Suf- will be greatly insufficient to raise a Fund for amending, ferers. repairing, and widening, so many different Branches as

Mr. Knowles, a Leather Dresser, being examined, said, are mentioned in the Petition: And therefore praying.

That he supplies the Manufacturers of Gloves at Here- That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, that no Gate ford with Skins, but that the Trade there has so much or Gates for collecting Tolls, shall be erected on any declined, that they do not use a Twentieth Part now of Branch of the said Roads, until the Sum of Two thousand what they did formerly; that the Bath Glove Trade is Pounds be advanced and raised for repairing the said fe-entirely decayed; and that there is a general Decline in veral Roads.

that Trade all over the City of Hereford; and that he Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

attributes the Cause of it to the Importation of Foreign

Gloves and Mittens into this Kingdom. A Message from the Lords, by Mr.. Anguish and Mr.

A Member present confirmed the Evidence of the last Graves:

Witness. Mr. Speaker,

No Person appeared before your Committee, to sup- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smpl*

-port the Allegations of the fourth mentioned Petition. for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Alton Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con- Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grqunds, and Inchfure. sideration of a Committee of the whole House. Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Steeple in the County of Oxford; with an Amend-

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Con-to consider of the said Report. currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Berkley Mr. Peter Burrell presented to the House, according to

Square. Order, a Bill for inclosing, paving, deanfing, lighting, and The House was moved, that an Act-, njade in the last p-.ft anj adorning, Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more RaSt.it Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex: And the effectual Preservation of Fish, in Fish Ponds and other Stealing, feme was received; and read the First Time. Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln,

by the breeding Conies therein, might be read.

Wareham Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom And the same being read accordingly;

Roads, the Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to County of Dorset, and several Persons using the Roads explain and amend the said Act, so far as it relates to the therein aftermentioned; and also the Petition of several taking and destroying of Fish in Riwrs: And that Sir Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the County of Francis Vincent, Mr. Peter Burrell, Sir Richard Warwick Dorset; were severally referred; That the Committee , Mr. Rice, Mr. , and Mr.

had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had do prepare, and bring in, the fame. directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Ordered, That Mr. Burton and Mr. Ewer be added to Richmond afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noble- (Surrey) same was read; and is as followeth; viz. men. Gentlemen, and others, residing at Richmond and Po0r-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions; Mr. Kew, in the County of Surrey, and of several Freeholders George Milner, Mr. James Brooke, Mr. Francis Gonin, an& others, possessed of Estates there, is referred, and Mr. Charles Meaden, being examined, said. That

the several Roads described in the said Petitions, are in Sir George Tonge presented to the House, according to Camag*

a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts very narrow and Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One of Goads by

11 Act Su*» Wif[«n.

6 Geo. III. 10° — 11# Martii. 641

1

1

1

1

t

St*

\7*

1

1

1

1

if1

Act of Parliament, the several I a vvs now in being, for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee on Public Revenge.

A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed. That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration, the several Laws relative to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Exeil'e, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

A11 Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " Duties under the " Management of the Commissioners of Excise," in order to insert the Words, " Collection of the Public " Revenue,’' instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of " Excise," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Mr‘ l eileis lor the leas, J Lord:

Toilers for llie Noes, j J,-?"1

Mr. Rice. ' f 127-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " Collection of the Public Revenue," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put; Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to take into Consideration the several Law's relative to the Collection of the Public Revenue; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Dyson, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Tozcnjhend, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Secretary

way, Mr. Harbord, Lord Barrington, Mr. /, Mr.

Shiffher, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr.

Onjlozo, Lord Cathei lough. Sir Charles Mr.

Calvert, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir George SavVe, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Mr. Harris, Mr llujke, Mr. White, Lord George ville, Mr. Plumptre, Sir William Baker, Sir Joseph

bey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr.

H ard, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Prozcfe, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Bertie, Doctor Hay, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sir

Edward Boynton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Thomas Tozcnjhend, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rice, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr. Glover,

Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Huffy, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Kynaston fir.Mackworthflr.Edmonstone, Mr Montagu, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Champion, Mr. Grey: And they are to meet

Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond'for Persons, Papers, and lleeords; and all who come are to have Voices; and they have Powrer to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

" this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and " Perry; and for raising the Sinn of Three Millions " Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities " and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Dut ies;" shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July next ensuing, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said 5th Day of July, an additional Duty of Six Shillings per Hogshead be laid upon all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made within this Kingdom, and sold by Retail, to be paid by the Retailer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said r,th Day of July, an additional Duty of Three Pounds per Ton he laid upon all Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said 5th Day of July, a Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence per Hogshead, he laid upon all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made within this Kingdom, and sent or consigned to, and received by, any Factor or Agent, to be sold or disposed of, the said Duty to lie paid by such Factor or Agent.

Rcfohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the said 5th Day of a Duty of Six Shillings per Hogshead, be laid upon all Cyder and Perry, made for Sale within this Kingdom, by Dealers in, or Retailers of Cyder or Perry, from Fruit of their own Growth, to be paid by such Dealers and Retailers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be appropriated unto such Uses and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the said Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, were thereby made applicable.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Lord John , Mr. Thomas

Tozmftiend, junior, Mr. Onslow Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for more eftet'lually securing the Duties onCyderand Perry.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° die Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766.

Wns Mr. Comezcall, according to Order, reported from the bod Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Residved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry, by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty " several additional Duties upon Wines imported into Vo;.. 30.

Prayers.

/~\Rdered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cat, or Canal, from Wilton Bridge, to Nether Knutsford, by or near Mot tram Andrew, and

from thence to Macclesfield, and from or near Motlram aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of and

from thence to Mane heft er, in the County of is committed.

Sir John Griffin Griffin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road,

8 A from

Supply.

Witton Bridge to

Manchester

Canal

Hurflcy to

Andover

Road.

6^2 ii# Ma. A. 17

from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Walsworth A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

Inclosure. mon Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walsworth, in the Parish of Hitcliin, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Byde, Mr. Calvert, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Brand, Sw William Baker, Mr. Heme, Sir Charles Mr. Hume, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Bennet Garrard, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Butler, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. West, Mr. Forrester, Sir Phi-

lipps, Mr. Bacon, Lord Orwell, Sir George Yonge, Lord Coleraine, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bootle, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Darker, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Palmer-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Bucks, Berks, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bradnop A Bill for dividing, and inclosing the several Commons

loclosure. and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bradnop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey, Mr. Comeivall, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Legh, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Sir

Burdett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Buller, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. OnfMr. Bull, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Byde, Mr. Hewett, Sir George Yonge, Sir William Meredith, Lord Lijbume, Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Lord Downe, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Pa-terson, Sir John Sebright, Sir Savile, Mr. Morton,

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Rolle, Sir Lad-

broke, Mr. Kynafon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Leicester, Lancaster, Warwick, Chester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Strerts* A Bill for paving the High Street, Part

and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parish

of Newington, in the County of Surrey and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, ad joining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Pater/on, Mr. Burrell, Sir John Gibbons, Lord Grey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Fon-jiereatt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Hunt, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Forrester, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Buller, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bull, Sir John Griffin, Mr. Townshend Mr. Howard, Mr. Fitzherbert, M r. Hufke, M r. Bootle, Mr. Delaval, M r. Onslow, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Rufhout, Mr. West, Mr. Mr.

Darker, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vansittart, Sir John Sebright, General A'Court, Mr. Cooke, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Huublon, Mr. Waller, Sir William Meredith, Sir Robert Burdett-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the rnhubitants of the Parishes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, Saint John, Saint Thomas, and of Blackman Street, and Kent Street,

in the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, and of Ber-

mondsey Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Wat foil, being examined, said. That it would he of great public Utility, if the Streets and other public Ways and Passages, within the said Pari (lies, and Places contiguous thereto, were to he new paved and regulated, and, together with the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places (not being Thoroughfares) within the same, or contiguous thereto, were to be cleansed and lighted, and a regular Watch kept therein, and proper Powers given to remove and prevent Nuisances and other Obstructions therein; and if Power was given to lay a proportionable Tax on the Inhabitants of the said Streets and other Places, and a small Toll to be collected on the several Roads communicating the rewith.

Samuel Bennet Smith, Elijuire, and Mr. William Dawson, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Watson.

The House was moved, that the Report, which, upon the 3d Day of this instant March, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of t he several Persons whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, beinglnhahitants redding in St. Olave'sStreet, Freeschool Street, and Ber-

mondsey Street, in and near the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, had been referred, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the High Street, Part of White Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Neioington, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for paving the several Streets and public Carriage Ways, within the Parishes of George, Saint Olave, Saint Saviour, Saint John, Saint Thomas, and certain Parts of the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington, and Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in and near the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey-, and for regulating, cleansing, watching, and lighting the fame, and also the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, immediately adjoining thereto, respectively; and for removing all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for preventing the same for the future; and for collecting a Toll upon several Roads and Places communicating the rewith.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chai'les Mordaunt, Mr Howard, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kynaston, Lord

Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bootle, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Fifzroy, Mr. Pater/bn, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rufhout, Mr. Butler, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Comeivall, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Sir Edmund If ham. Sir Edward Ha General

Lord George Sackville, Mr. Harley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Hewett, Sir George Savile, Mr. Elliot, Mr. White, M r. Gray, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wal-

ler, M r. Sharpe, Sir EdivarclTurner, I xml Coleraine-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton,

Minton in the Hedges Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 11'

ampton, Warwick, Stafford., Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hursley A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, *° of the Borough of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and

Road.ef of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, tvas prel’ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for re-

?airing and widening the Roads from the present ’urnpike Road, in the Parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through Andover and Hurfborne Tarrant, and Stoke, to the Three Legged Cross, in the Parish of Crut Eafion, in the said County of Southampton, to

the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish o aforesaid;

and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Bill for the Matters contained in the said Petition, should pass into a Law, it will be greatly detrimental to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Neivbury, and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, that the Matters contained in the said Petition may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners, who are advised it will be material and necessary for them to have the Assistance of Connfel in Opposition to the said Bill, may be at Liberty to be heard by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of llnrjley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday the 20th Day of this instant March.

Berk* Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to 'Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Henry Pye, Esquire, deceased.

Briirmingtoit A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from ChcfUrfield brimming ton and Chesterfi in the County of Derby, p4»t ‘ over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-herbert. Lord Grey, Sir Francis Delava I, Mr. Montagu, Lord Catherlough, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. lx>rd Merborough, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gray, Lord Winter ton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Darner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whatley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Mr. Shiffiier, Mr. Darker, Mr. Drake, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Ghpine, Mr. Corncrvall, Mr. Vanfiltart, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Onslow*, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Howard, Mr. Burke, Sir John Palmer, Colonel Barre, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr.

Walter, Lord Brmonloiv Bertie, Mr. Mr.

George Pitt, Sir Edward Lord Charles

Spencer-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ashborne, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from &c. Ashborne to Sitdbiuy, and from Sudbujy to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, to Vol. 30.

1 Martii. 643

Tudbitnj, in the Counties of Der and was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-herbert, Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Darker, Sir Burdett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Darner, Mr. Grey, Lord Lijburne, Sir George Yonge, Sir William Meredith, Lord Charles Spen-

cer, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Shiffiier,

Sir John Gibbons, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr.

Mr. Beji, Mr. Burke, Mr. Powell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Robin/on, Colonel FraJ’er, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Cajioall; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Nottingham, Lincoln, and Yoi'k:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine

Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Teniptc-Normanlon,

Tupton New Inch)ureand Birkin-Lane, to Bunting-Field

Nook, in the Parish of Ashover ,in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitz-herbert, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Mr. Upton, Ur.White, Mr. Darker, Sir James -

ther, Sir William Baker, Sir John Glynne, Lord Mount-jtuart. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Grenville,

Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Darner, Lord Catherlough, Mr.

Shiffiier, Lord Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Howard, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Corncwall, Mr Sir George Yonge, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Bufdett, Lord Palmerson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr Burrell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Heu ett, Mr. Scott, Mr. Powlelt; and all the Mem- 0 bers who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham,

Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition ®f several Cheesemongers of the City of wildenFerry London, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are on the Trea thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and to read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe that a 'canal/6 Bill is depending for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Ferry, to the

River Mersey; and that there is already a very good Navigation upon the River Trent, from Wilden to Burton, by means whereof the Petitioners receive considerable Quantities of Cheese every Year, and are in that Respect served upon reasonable Terms, both as to Price and Dispatch; and the Petitioners are apprehensive that the lower Part of the said Canal, from Wilden to Burton will not he of such Benefit, or Utility, as fiippoled, and may tend to bring on great Delay, Danger, and other Inconveniences to the Petitioners, by their Cheese being delivered at various Warehouses: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may be heard, by theml'elves or their Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkfone, and Willington, in the said County, Whichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and in the County of Stafford, and from thence, to or near Lawton and Aftbury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation ef Pilots Liverpool for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of pih>«< the Port of Liverpool, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

644

I I

Mariit.

A. 17

Resolved, 'rhat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

Ordered, That Sir William Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

maintaining the Children, received into the said Ilof-pital on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1763, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1766, inclusive.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Villiers, Sir George Savile, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Byde, Mr. Cooke, Cuddington Sir John Glynne reported from the Committee, to Lord Gar lies, Mr. Gore, Lord Catherlough9 be added to Inclosure whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons the Committee, to whom the Bill to remove and regu-or Waste Grounds, called Cuddington, or Bryn Common, late the public Markets in the City of Bath-, for widen-in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish ing certain Streets, Ways, and Passages within the said of // ererham, in the County of Chester, was committed, City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for That the Committee had examined the Allegations of opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Bulkley, who is beyond the Seas, and who is possessed of Lands, w ithin the said Parish, of the yearly Value of £.2. os. 6d. and the whole Lands, within the said Parish, are of the yearly Value of £.526. 6s. 6d. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bath

Struts.

ingrossed.

Hatherop A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

I*c£ofure. mon Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the Old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Rejblvedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hujkey Mr. Butler, Sir George Yongey Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gray, Mr. Howard, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rushout, Mr. Iloxce, Lord Grey, Mr. Parker, Mr. Shiffher, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Fomiereau, Mr. Fuller, Mr. On-JloWy Mr. Cornenall, Mr. Patevfon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Darkery Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bullery Mr. Bcjl, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Long, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sharpe, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Roberts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Worcester, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Foundlitig

Hospital.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, An Account of all Monies received and paid, by the Go-veruors awl Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education ofexposed and deserted young Children, between the 31 ft Day of December 1764, exclusive, and t he 31 It Day of December 1763, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining; and also, An Account of the Number of Children received into the said Hospital, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices between the said 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, and the said 31 It Day of December, 1765, inclusive; and also, A11 Account of the Number of the said Children, who have been returned to their Parents between the said 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, and the said 31st Day of December 1705, inclusive; and also, An Account of the Number of the said Children, who have died between the said 3 ill Day of December 1 764, exclusive, and the said 31 it Day of December, 1763, inclusive; and also. An Account of the Number of the said Children, who were living, under the Care of the said Governors and Guardians, on the said 31st Day of December 1765.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, do prepare, and Jay before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of

5

for better paving, deanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, I^anes, Ways, and Passages, there, to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts with Water; is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove a Doubt, concerning such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Ru£ia\ and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Importation of Tea, under certain Licenses authorized to be granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and Common Field, called Bidford Common Field, within the Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick, without ajiy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, one of the Twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the Top of King*-, dozen Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Janies Oswald, and the Right honourable George Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; ami to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have past'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Aider oft. Gentleman, with Sarah Sheicell, his now Wife, an ! to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill was read the First Time.. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North 1 nd of Mailing Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gale, to the V tli End of

the

Supply BSD; Land Tax.

Marine

Forcci.

Supplr Bill; Dufies on Ruffi* Linen, &c.

Bidford

inclosure.

Horsley Upright Gate Road.

Oswald and Lord

Sackville’s

Qjnlificatum

Bill.

/dd ere ft’s Divorce.

Mailing Utrc*t rear Lewes Roads.

6 Geo. III. 110 Martii. 64 jj

the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on II iirfiG reen, 111 rough t lie Pa r i fh cs of E/c/i ingh ffwiand

tcafh; and from tilt* laid Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel!, in the said County; was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. b. I. 28. After " between," to insert "

" bridge and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the l louse; and the Bill was amended at the 'table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 25th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of and other

Roads in the County of Sufic X; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End Of the

Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Iltirji Green, through the Pari (lies of Etchingham, and Bnnvash; and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the ’loivii of BattelI;in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wednesbury, A Petition of fevoral of the Trustees, at a Public Meeting held at Birminghthe Sixth Day of March

1/(>(>, for putting in execution an Act for enlarging 1 he Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George t lie Eirft, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of to High

Bullenand Great Bridge, to the End of Lane,

next adjoining to the Township of and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford, and to the furtfier End of Brittle Lane, in the Counties of Wancick, St afi'07'd, and was presented to the

llonfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from Darlafion Lane, at the Portway, leading to and through the Town of BilJ'on, to Gibbet Lane End, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson, is, among other Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Act; and that, if the said lull mentioned Road was put under the Direction of the Trustees to be appointed by the Bill now depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of DurlajtonLane, next the Port way aforesaid, and

from thence through to the further End of

Gibbet I.one, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilson aforesaid, the Petitioners apprehend such Alteration would be of public Utility and Advantage: And therefore praying the l louse to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table.

Steeple Aftoo The I Ioufe proceeded to take into Consideration the Indofuit. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Steeple A fion, in the County of

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 34. 1. 14. leave out from " Successors" to " for" in I. 17.

'Fhe said Amendment being read a SecondTime, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

kitherwick Air. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom

Park the Bill for discontinuing the Use of several Roads over Road. Sic. and leading into FisherzPark, in the County of Vol. 30.

Stafford, and for building a Bridge cross the River Tame, at or near Elford in the said County; and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge, to Hudemore Gate, in the Road leading through Whittington, tt> the City of Litchfield, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto* which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout;and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to hythel Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

An iitgrofled Bill for the better fnaintaihing, regelating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Bo/olph Aldgate, in the City Of ImihIoH, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the hotter maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, in the City of London.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Tufnellreported from the Committee, to w hom

the Petition of Robert Burton, Henry Elherington, and Thomas Mould, Esquires, John Chambers, Gentleman, Richard I!award. Merchant, George Ferr a by the younger, JoJ'eph Akham, John Kirkman, Benjamin Clegg, Martin

Ringrojc, John Egglcfion, John Barrett, William Keeling, and others, whose Names are subscribed. Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Meadows, and Common Right, in the Open Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places therein aftermentioned, wai referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Jonathan Midgleij, Esquire, being examined, said, That there are certain Open and uninciofed Meadow Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the To vvnfli ip of Co It ingh a m, in the county of ?"or/i',wl)ichcontain2,50oAcresorthereabouts.

That the said Meadow Grounds and Pastures are at present incapable of Improvement; hut if the same were inclosed and drained, and Allotments made to the several Proprietors, it would he a great Advantage to the Parties intorested therein.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and draining several Open Meadow' Grounds, and Common Pastures, w ithin the Township of Cotlingham, in the County of York: And that Mr. Tufnell and Mr. Shi finer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill for more effectually preventing the Exportation of Wool, Wool-fells, Wool-flocks, Shortlings, M*rtlings, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, into Foreign Parts, and for securing the same to he imported into Great Britain, he read a Second Time, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from lYalts Cross to Cozvden, in the County of so far as the fame relates to the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone: And the same was received; and read the First 1 iiqp.

Rxjbh'ed, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

8 B Mr.

St. Botolph, Aldgate, Poor.

Cottinghdnl

Inclosure*

Import, and Export, of Wool.

Tunbridge

to

Mnidftone

Road.

6^6 11 ° — i z* A. 17

Account; Mr. Contra 'allpresented to the House, according to

Duties on Order, a Bill for repealing the Dutios granted u)Km y<er, -c. Ovder and Perry, by an Art made in the lliirtl \ear of His present Mnjdty’s Reign, and for granting certain Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry, imposed by several former Arts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rrfoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Call of the The Ol der of the Day, for the Call of the House, House* being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned, till this Day Two Months.

Cnrg>hT’'S The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Kl*Ute.U a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harleyreported from the Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

- Mr. Alderman Harley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That lie wasdirerted by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish a Proposal made by William Constable, Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming the fame, and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parrel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York.

And Mr. Alderman Harley moved the I ioufe accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish a Proposal made by William Constable, Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming the fame, and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of I^and, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Sir Fletcher Norton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Colome*. ing ricxt; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January lad, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 iff Days of February lafi, and upon the 3d Day of this inltant March, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February lull, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii III. Regis, 17 Prayers.

MuckI npHE Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to Corner, whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen,

Ac. Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Wal-Road. fall, in the County of Staffand of the City of Litch-field, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Land Owners and Inhabitants in the Town of in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Paiiflt of in the County of Worcester, and also the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Tipton, otherwise Tibbinglon, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also ti e Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Mami-farturers, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the Town of WalfaU, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wanoick, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, on behalf of themselves and others; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the iff, 2d, 3d, 5th, 6th, and 7th of the said Petitions, Mr. Jacob Smith, lieing examined, said, That the Roads leading from Muckley Corner, in the said County of Stafford, over Litchfield Heath, to and through the several Places described in the said first mentioned Petition; and the Road between Walsall and Church Bridge, near Blozajich Chapel, over Short Heath, along a Lane on the South Side

of the Hill House, and along Effmgton Wood, to the

Corner of Barn Hales, and from Heath to

Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green to the Road leading from Birminghmn to Dudley, are become very ruinous, and in many Parts are very nar-now and incommodious; that if the said Roads were repaired and widened, it would be a great Advantage to the Country; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of an Art of Parliament.

And the Witness further said. That if a Road was made from the Brook in WalfaU aforesaid, over the Lands of the Countess of Mont rath, Richard Pearfehouse, Esquire, and Mr. Samuel Corbett, and along AbletoeU Street, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Walsall to Birmingham, it would be a public Advantage, the present Road being through the Streets in Walsall, which are very ffeep, narrow, and dangerous; that the High Street, rises from Welt to Ealt Twelve Feet in about One hundred Yards; and in there

is not Room for two Carriages to pass, the widelt Part being not more than Twelve or Fourteen, and the narrowest not more than Ten Feet wide, which is the greatest Thoroughfare in the Town; that from the Brook to the Cross Way, going into Street, is

in Length Three hundred and Seventy-five Yards, and from the said Crols Way to Ablewell Street, is Two hundred and Thirty-five, which is in the whole Six hundred and Ten Yards; and that the proposed Road from the said Brook to Ablewell Street, is only Four hundred and Forty Yards; that the turning at the Top oi High Street into Rushall Street, is very (harp, dangerous, and inconvenient for Carriages, the same not being above Ten Feet wide; that the Market House Hands in the middle of High Streetwith a Space of about Ten

Feet from the Houses on each Side, and is within Fifteen Yards of the said narrow Turning into Rushall Street; that there is a Pump at the Top of High Street,

6 Geo. III. 120 Martii. . 647

so that in frosty Weather, the said Street is a Sheet of Being asked, whether if the Town iskept in good Re-

Ice, and Passengers dare not ride down the said Street; pair, they will not have the same Road they have at pre-that great Part of the Town of Waif all lies South West lent? he said, they should, and Passengers may go of the said Brook, at the Bottom of High Street, and through if they will.

North Ealt of Able-well Street; and the manufacturing That the Streets are in good Repair, and will be kept

Part of the Inhabitants live in those Streets. so by the Corporation; and if the new Roads should

That", in frosty Weather, he has seen the Pafl’engers be made, he should continue to go through the Town.

obliged to get out of a Poll Chaise at the Bottom of High Street, and it was with Difficulty the Horles could then draw the Chaise up; and also a Broad Wheel Waggon was going down the said Street, and both the hind Wheels locked, when the Thill Horse, and that next him, were thrown down, the Hill being so iteep; and there being a Common Pump at the Top of the said Street, so that, in frtflly Weather, the same is a Sheet of Ice; that he is a large Manufacturer, and is obliged to have the Carriers Waggon only half loaded, ami to have a Cart to follow with the Remainder of his Goods, on Account of the Steepness of the said Streets.

Mr. Thomas Tomkys, being examined, Confirm eAthe

above Evidence with regard to the Steepness and Nar-rowness of the said Streets; and added, that he is a Coal Merchant, and that if the proposed Road is made, he shall be able to draw the same Quantity of Coals with Four Horses, which he does at present with Six that he has Throe Shillings aTon for drawing Coals from the Pits at present, but should be able, by Means of the new Road, to carry therii for Three Pence less ;that it will be a great Advant age to the Public, and will not prevent Travellers going to the Inns in WalfaU.

Mr. Joseph Curtis, being examined, laid. That he has been a Housekeeper in Thirty Years, and

has seen great Damages done, the said Roads being so very steep and narrow; and thinks it the woril Town to pass through lie ever saw: That the proposed Road would be a great Advantage, as it lies on a fine Level.

The Reverend Sir Richard , Baronet, being

examined, said. That the said Streets are extremely narrow and inconvenient; that, in some Places, Two Carriages cannot pass each other; that he has been stopt an Hour by a Carriage which was unloading, before he could pass with his Poll Chaise; that there is a common Pump at the Top of High Street, which, in frosty Weather, makes the said Street a Sheet of Ice.

John BurridgeLee, Esquire, said. That he lives near

IValfall,* that the Streets are theimift inconvenient he ever saw; that, in frosty Weather, he is obliged to get oIThis Horse and walk, it being so dangerous to ride; and has seen, on Market Days, Stalls thrown down by reason of the Narrowness of the Passage, and Carriages flop np the Ways, which is a great Inconvenience to Trade.

Mr. William Cocks confirmed the aforegoing Evidence, with respect to the Inconvenience of the said Streets.

To prove the Allegations of the fourth mentioned Petition, Mr. Samuel Short, being examined, said. That he has lived near Walsall Sixty Years, and has kept a Waggon Ten Years; that lie never apprehended any Danger in the said Streets, and has drawn Three Ton up High Street at. all Times of the Year; that the nar-roweft Part of Rushall Street is Six Yards wide or near it; and has seen Two Broad Wheel Waggons pass each other within a Month part; that the Turning from High Street into Rtifiall Street is not very steep, and Two Broad Wheel Waggons may pass there; and that he never saw any Obstruction: That there is a Street in Birmingham much steeper, and not so broad.

That he don’t know whether making the proposed Road would hurt the Town; but if Waggons should go the new Road, it will he a great Inconvenience to Tradesmen to carry their Goods to them, as the}’ are now taken up at their Doors.

Vol. 30.

That the Land over which the proposed Road is intended to be made, is worth f 150 an Acre; that there must be Two Bridges, and the Expence of such Road and Bridges will, in his Opinion, amount to Five hundred Pounds, that there are Two Houses must be taken down, which may beworth about One hundred Pounds; but he never was concerned in the making a new Road.

Mr. Thomas Ifeftof, being examined, said. That he has lived in WalJ'aUSeven or Eight Years; that

Street, in the narrowest Part, is Seven Yards and an Half wide, besides Half a Yard for Foot Passengers, and widens all the Way down to Ablewell Street; that the High Street is Twenty-two Yards and an Half in the broad Part, and Eight Yards and an Half from the . Market House to the Houses on each Side; that it is ., not so steep as a Street in Birmingham, or One in Wolverhampton.

That the Market House belongs to the Corporation; and if it is any Inconvenience, they will take it down,)* together with the Pump in the said Street, and lay a Drain for conveying ihe Water away, and preventing it running down the fame, and are willing to give any Security for tlje doing it; that the Ascent in the said Street may be lowered Two Yards, which the Corporation intend to do.

That the Land over which the intended Road is to pass is worth Two hundred Pounds an Acre, being Meadow; that it will be an Injury to the whole of the Lands, which is about Eight Acres; and that about Three Acres and an Half will be spoiled, including the Road; that there must he Two Bridges, the Expence of which, purchasing the Land, and making the Road, will, in his Opinion, amount to One thousand Pounds.

That the making the said Road will be a great Detriment to Traders in Walsall, the Waggons now take up Goods at their Doors, otherwise it will be a great Expence to them. 0

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Corner,

to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook, and Ocker Hill, and from Toll End to tonGreen, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Fortway, to the Walsall and IFblverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge, to New Mills, and from WalfaU Brook to Ableicdl Street, and from BloxwichChapel to Barn Hales, all in the County of Stafford: And that the Lord Grey, Sir Joseph Maw-bey, Mr. Bagot, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whorti the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

..To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passagesleading thereto, and

Patfagts to the Bank of England.

648 i2° 17

Paiges for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and That if the Governor and Company of the Bank Bank making the same more commodious: And alto, were impowered to take up and relay the Pavement

ot An Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign on both Sides of Law, and on both Sides

England, of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, of Threadneedle Street, from Bartholomew V efl-

An Act for widening certain Streets, twines, and Paf- ward, it would render the Avenues to flte Bank much sages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, more safe and convenient for lVrinns and Carriages and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within resorting thereto.

the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

And also, enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of

An Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground eon-present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting certain tiguousand near to the Bank, and for making certain Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of the Parish Avenues leading thereto more commodious: And that Church of Saint Christopher, iti the City of London, in Mr. Burton and Mr. do prepare, and' bring in,

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the fame, and for making a Rceompence to the Rector of the

laid Parish, and his Successors, in lieu thereof; and for Lord George Caeendish presented to the House, nc-©bviating certain Doubts in an Act passed in the 33d cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the City of , in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road,

London; were read: And, at or near Langley Mill, in the said County: And the

Mr Robert'Taylor, being examined, said. That the same was received; and read the First Time.

Passage of 35 Feet in Width, authorized to be made That the Bill he read a Second Time,

by the said Act of the 33d of his late Majesty, will be

too narrow for the great concourse of Perl'ons and Car- Sir Charles reported from the Committee,

riages resorting to the Bank; and therefore the Cover- to whom the Bill lor dividing :uid inclosing the Open nor and Company of the Bank have cauled that Part Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, find of Thread needle Street which lies between the Bank and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Ma-

the new Street opposite thereto, to be made of the nors of and and of and in the Manor

Width of .14 Feet Three Inches. of Upton Hafelor, in the Parish of JlaJelor, in the

That if the Buildings on the South Side of Thread- County of Warwick, was committed, That the Com-needle Street West wan I, were to range in a Line from mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and the Buildings at the North Welt End of the said new found the same to be true; and that the Parties eon-Streef.; ami the 1 Ioufes and Sheds on the North Side cerned had giveu their Consent to the Bill, to the of Threadncedle Street West ward, to the South Well Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Phil-Corner of Princes Street, were to range in a Line with who claims to have Lands in the said Fields, of

the Bank, as nearly parallel to the said South Side as the annual Value of /. 22, who refused to lign the Bill; may lie, it would he not only more uniform, and an and the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, Ornament to the City o f London, as it would leave the are the annual Value of £.572; and that thoCom-Passage of 'Threadneedle Street Westward, from the said mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several new Street, nearly of the same Width with that Part Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him of Threadncedle Street which is opposite the Bank; to report to the Floufe; and he read the Report in but would be much more safe and commodious, and his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with occasion fewer ObstrucHons to Carriages. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

That the Witness apprehends, that the rest of the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Houses on the North Side of Cornhill Westward, being Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question f^d, may lie lb far weakened by taking down the I loufes severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House, on the South Side of Thrcadneedle Street, lor enlarging Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he

the Poftitge there, as to be in Danger of falling, or at ingross’ed.

Jeafr not worth fiipporting; therefore the Bank are

defiron-s of purchasing the fame, in order to pull down A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Ftee-aml rebuild the fame, and to lay more Ground into holders, residing in or near the Parishes of Croydon the Street, than is required by the said Act of the 33d and Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, was presented of his late Majesty. to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-

That there is One House on the North Side of a Paf- tioners are informed, that a Bill js depending in the sage round Saint CitriJJopher'* Church Yard adjoining House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by to Preinil'es purchased by the Bank, and Three other several Acts, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years llonles contiguous thereto, on the Welt Side of the of King George the First, and the Tenth Year of King said Pa Huge, and several small Tenements in Three George the Second, for repairing several Roads from fan Court-, which, with the said Court and Passage, the Stones End in the Borough of Southwark, to several and the several other Courts and Passages leading to Places in the Counties of Surrey and; and for

other Prcinifcs purchased by the Bank, would, if veiled enlightening the said Roads, and establishitig a regular in them, be of great Public Utility, as it would enable Nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from them to remove certain Nuifauces, and likewise to en- the said Borough of Southwark; and for repairing the large the Buildings of the Bank, and more effectually Road from Smitham Bottom, to the End of Lane,

preserv the same from Fire. and from Wandjicorth, through Gar rat, to Tooting-, that

That the Bunk have agreed with all or moll of the the Road leading from the West End of Stroud Green, Occupiers of the said several Houses in Cornhill, through Street, and from thence, cross the

Threadneedle Street, Saint Christopher’s Church Yard, Town of Croydon, to and over Mar Pi and

and Three A 'miCourt, as are necessary to he taken Mitcham , to the Turnpike Road at Mitcham,

down for the Purposes aforesaid; and also with all or is in many Places deep and foundcrous, and in other most of Inch of the Owners thereof, who are able ty Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be make out a Title, and convey the fame; but Part effectually amended and widened, by the ordinary thereof being subject to charitable Uses, and other Part Methods prescribed by Law: Aim! therefore praying,. thereof comprised in Settlements, a good Title cannot ThatProvision may be made in the said Bill for repairing, be made to the whole without the Aid of Parliament, widening, and keeping the aboyrmentioned Road in 7 Repair,

Cromford Bridge, Ac. kuid.

Hafelor

Iudofuit.

Sumry and Su&x [Roads.

r

~!2

;ait

6 Geo. III. 120 Martii. 649

Repair, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-liberation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peter Mr. Lnf-

relies. Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Mr. Clive,

Mr. Vi'.me, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Sir George

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Foimereau, Mr. Movant, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Howard, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Dundas, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Grey, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

Wood, Mr. Butler, Mr. Mr. Mr. Eicer,

Mr. Burton, Mr. Onjloxc, Sir John Gibbons, Mr, Alderman Bedford, Mr. Bit got; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ol Kent, Suffer, Middlesex,

and Essex; and !or the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wilden Ferry A Petition of the most noble Francis Duke of Bridge-on the Trent water, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Merse'°River forth, That the Petitioner has been impowered, by several Canal!VC Acts of Parliament, to make and maintain, at his own Expence, a Cut, or Canal, from Salford to Worjley Mill, Middle Wood, and 1lollinFerry, in the County of cajier, and from WorJlnj Mill, to Manchester, and to Longford Bridge, in the same County; and also to the River Mersey, at or near a Place called The in the County of Chester.-, and that the Petitioner has already made great Progrel’s in the said several Navigations, and is now carrying on the same towards the River that the Petitioner has fecn a Bill, now depending in the House, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at ornear WildenFerry, to the River erjey,

at or near Runcorn Gap, which is about the Distance of Two thousand Five hundred Yards below the and the Petitioner apprehends, that if the said Navigation, authorized to be made by the Petitioner, to the said River Mersey, and the Navigation to be made under the Powers of the said Bill, were to communicate with each other, at or near a Brook, called Brook, near

Preston on the Hill, in the said County of , and to be from thence carried on, by one and the TameCanal, to the said River Mersey, at or near the fail I Placecalled Runcorn Gapyiuch Communication will render both the said Navigations more complete and convenient for the Public, than if the said Navigation of the Petitioner had terminated at or near The llenipstones aforesaid; that the Petitioner is willing and desirous, at his own Ex-peuce, to make such Communication as aforesaid, and to extend, make, and maintain, the said Navigation, by a Cut, or Canal, from that Part of the said Brook, called P ref on Brook, where the intended Navigation, from the Treat, to the Mersey, dial I first communicate therewith, to the said River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, aforesaid: Therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making, extending, maintaining, and uniting the said Navigations, in such Manner, with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* fuleration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkstone and Willinglon, in the said County, Whichnor, Rudgley, Stone, and Burjlan, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and Ajlbury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey, is committed.

Little Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Horwood the pj|| for (lividing and inclosing the Open and Com-nc oiujf. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, You 30.

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lauds, in the Parish of Little Horwood, in the County of Bucks, was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except One Person, who is possessed of 50 Acres of the said Lands, and who, being applied to, to sign the Bill, had given no Answer; and that the whole Quantity of Lands to be inclosed contains 960 Acres, and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report 'in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harbord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Chejfea, in the County of r, to Bat-

terfea, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that feme other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

ReJ'olved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Lafce/les reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Cross-, and also from Ferry Brto Wet her by, and from

thence to Borough Bridge, in the County of York; as to so much of the said Act as relates to the Reads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross-,was committed; t hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, directing the Trustees to take Security from their Treasurer.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause Wa$, upon the

8 C Question

Rochdale

to

Halifax

Road.

Battcrfon

Sridge.

Doncaster

10

Tadcaftor

Road.

L.

12° Mar hi.

6So

A. 1766.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted,

Stort River Ordered, That Mr. Adams, Mr. Sir

Navigation. William Barker, Mr. CAdmiral Frank!and,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Oojlozv, Mr. Mr. Tucker, Lord

Thoinond, Lord Strange, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Christopher TreiJ'e, Mr. Peter Burrell, Mr. Mr.

Vane, Mr. Jenifon ShaftMr. Mr.

Mr. Sku/tleworth, Mr. Bob in fan, Mr. Ilarvey, Mr. C'ujl,

Sir George CoU’brooke, Mr. Mr. Herne, Mr. Ong-ley, Mr. Touche/, Mr. Mr. Bootle,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, is committed.

Camage A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Goods by Parliament, the several Laws now in being, for settling Stage vvagjont. the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, was read a Second Time.

Rijilved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Vungc, Mr. Howard, Mr. M r. Fuller, Mr. Toionf-hend, Mr. Jadson, Sir John Sir Charles Bun-

bury, Mr. Montagu, Sir Treife, Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. Ward, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Joseph Mawbni, Lord Grey, Mr. Vane, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Gray, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Fonnaeau, Mr. Whichcot, Mr, Calvert, Mr. Rigby, Mr. White, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. JKynaston, Mr. l)ur, das, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Byde, Mr. Clive, Mr. Ihi/h-out, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Mr. Parker,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Howard, Sir Richard Mr. 6W/tra», Mr. Dyson, S\r

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Montagu: And they are to meat this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Import, and

Export, of Wool.

Supply Bill; Duties on Cyder,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for more effectually preventing the Exportation of Wool, Wool Fells, Wool Flocks, Short-lings, Morflings, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, into Foreign Parts, and for securing the same to be imported into Great Britain, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry, by an Act made in the Third Year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting certain Duties on Cyder and Perry, in lieu thereof, and for more eflVftually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry, imposed by several former Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Houl’e.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confnler further of Ways and Means for raising the Snp.'.lv granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majest.v;

Ordered, That Surplufes, statod the Fifth of April be re ferred to the said Committee.

Wav*

and Means.

1 /ur>*

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the Tenth of October 176.5, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable- Lord Holland, late Paymaster General, to 20th December 176 , and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of ExfraOrdiiiaries paid by the Right honourable Charles Paymaster

General ot His Majesty’s Forces, to the 24th of January 1766, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out in purlnance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for railing certain Sums of Money, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four; and for mote effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities, as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the kill Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, be referred to the said Commute. e.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of what remains due on Account of sundry Expences, incurred for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Years 1750, 1751, 1752, 1762, and 1763, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colon y of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from :4th of June 1765, to the 24th June 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1765 to the 24th of June 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West and other in-

cidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1765 to the 2.4th of June 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishmenis of the new Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coall of Africa, lima to between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1766, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Hi!

lai

Stort Rivrr Navigation.

Hafelor

Inclosure.

Wendovef

to

Buckingham

Road.

6 Geo. III. 120 — 130 65 f

Mr. Paterson reperied from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Hoiii'e will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-tri throw Morning.

Mr. Pater/on also acquainted the Hotlfe, that he wits directed by the Committee to move, that they may Have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

yovisy 13* Martii;

surer’s Hands; and that the said Acts have been found defective in many Particulars.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in d Rill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendove to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks-, and also for repairing had widcriing the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of WiAndover, to the End of a Lane, called Oak Lane, next the Great Road, called Oxford Road, lying between the Town of in the said

County of Buckij and Uxbridge in the County of dlesex, rind that Part of the said Great Road which leads from the West End Of the said Town of Beconsjicld, to the River Colne, nedr Uxbridge aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Drake, the Earl Vcrnry, and Mr; Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Anno 6® Georgii III. U Regis, 1766.

Prayers,

f\Rdered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and EJj’ex, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafclor and JValcof, and of and in the Manor of Upton

Hafelor, in the Parish of Hafelor, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Coim mons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafelor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton

Hafelor, in the Parish of Hafelor, in the County of Wanvick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Loiondes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clergy, Gentry, and others of His Majesty’s Subjects, residing near, and passing through, the Highways and Roads between Wendover and Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, whose Names are there-

unto fubl'cribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three Acts of Parliament lor repairing the said Roads, were re. d: And,

Mr. Samuel Yeates, being examined, said, That the Trustees appointed by the said several Acts, have constantly applied the Monies collected by virtue of the said Acts towards repairing the said Road; yet by reason of the Small Toll, and the excessive Weights drawn on the said Road, the same is not in good Repair, nor can possibly be made so by the Monies to be collected by virtue of the said Acts, unless they be further continued, and the Trustees impowered to take additional Tolls, and to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit thereof.

Being further examined, he said, That when the Accounts of the said Trustees were last settled, £. 1,000 appeared to be ow ing on the Credit of the said Tolls, and no more than £.11. 4-f. 3 remaining in the Trea-

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Proprietors of Co!l,e Estates, in the Parish of Staines, in the County of aterW0fk>*

dlesex: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Proprietors of D*to* Estates, in the Parish of Stairwell, in the County of Middlesex;

Were severally presented to the Hdufe, arid read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by , the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for a Bill for supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Water from the River by

W’hich, if passed into a Law, the Properties of the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Corinfel, against the said Petition* and that the Bill thereby prayed for may not pass into a Law or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according tubnam to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Opeii loclofurel and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, fordraining, preserv- Sutton,

ing, and improving, the Low Grounds, and Carrs lying *c‘ and being in the Pririlhes, Townships, Hamlets, Lord- Drainage, ships, Predinfts, and Territories, of Sutton,

Swine, Benningholme-, Benningholmd Grange, and Fair-holme, North Skirlaugli, Rowton, Arnold, Long Rif on,

Leven, Heigholme, and Hally tree Holme, Braudes Burton, and Bttrfal, Ejke, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghe71, otherwise Waxen, in Holdemin the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lafcclles,

Sir John Palmer, Mr. Hcivett, Lord Coleraine, Mr. South-well, Mr. Ryder, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Kynaston, Lord Grey, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Gilbert,

Sir Thomas Cave, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Kynaston, Sir

fylde, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Proiife,

Mr. Holt;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Cumberland, DurhamNorthumberland,

Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge arid continue the Term

and

«.s» 13° Mariii. A. 17

Doncaster and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth

TaHcaster ^ear t^ie Reign of his late Majesty King the

Road. Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Donca/ieri through Ferry Jiridge, to the South Side of Tadcqfler Cross; and also from Ferny Bridge, to

therby, and from thence to Borough Bridge, i;i the County of York; as to so much of the said Act as relates to the Roads from Dancqfier, through totlieSouth

Side of Tadcqfler Cross-, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ala jetty Ripg George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcqfler Cross-, and also from Ferry . Bridge, to Weather by, and from thence to Borough . Bridge, in the County of York; as to so much of the said Act as relates to the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcqfler

Ordered, That Mr. Ldo carry the Bill to the Lords, and dehre their Concurrence.

Richmond Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom (Surrey) the Petition offeveral Noblemen, Gentlemen.and others. Poor. refilling at Richmond and Kero, in the County of Surrey, and of several Freeholders and others, possessed of Estates there; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Repor,t in*his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and, is as follovyeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the fqft mentioned Petition, James Sayer, Esquire, Deputy Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Richmond, fa, id, That the Highway from the late Horse Ferry at Jf ejv, tq was over

the Green, and along Kero Lane: And,

Henry Flit croft, Esquire, said, That>nbovit the Year 1734, the Road from the late Horse Ferry, to the End of a Lane on the Well Side of Richmond Gardens, was made a convenient Carriage Way at the Expence of his late Jvjajdxy.

T hen Mr. fjayer was again examined, who said.That, about the Year 7759, a Bridge was built at Keze; that the Road from the said Bridge, to Richmond, is over the Green and through Kcw fane, and is about Two Miles in Length; and that the Road by the River Side, and between His Majesty’s Park and Gardens, is more than Two Miles and an Half.

That he does not apprehend the {hutting up the Road, which leads from the {'aid Horse Ferry, between the said Gardens and Turk, to Richmond Qrecn, will injure any body, as it is not the direct Road to any Place, except Richmond Lodge.

Mr. John Halfpenny said, That a few Days ago he megfured both the Roads before described; and he confirmed Mr. Sayer’s Evidence, as to the Length of the Roads.

Mr. James Trimmer said, That Kero Lane is much out of Repair, and lies flat, and there is very little Gravel upon it; and that some Parts near Richmond are so Very narrow', that Two Carriages cannot pass each other with Safety.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer informed your C« remittee. That His Majesty had iin powered him to say, that His Majesty is willing, at His own Expence, to cause the Road from Kero Bridge to Richmond, to be amended, and ir. de safe and commodious for Passcngers and Carriages, > . to keep it in good Repair for the future, in case li.e Road from the late Horse Ferry to Richmond Green, shall be Unit up and discontinued.

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition,

Mr. Philip Logaftsaid, That it would be an Act-

vantage to all Persons residing in Richmond, if Power Was given to remove all Obstructions, Incroaehments, and Annoyances, in the Streets, and other Places within the said Town, and to prevent the like for the future; and he said. That it would be very convenient, if the Owners of Houses and other Buildings were obliged to convey the Water from the Tops of* their Houses by Pipes affixed to the Sides thereof.

Ordered, That it be an.Inst ruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for Hunting up a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kero, to Richmond Green; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Kero Bridge to Richmond-, and for removing and preventing all Obstiuciions and I11-croachments in the Streets and other Places, within the said Town.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to W: Order, a Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the ® Borough of Wareham, in the County of DorJ'et: And

the same wqs received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill for discontinuing the Use of several Fid Roads over and leading into Fisherwiek Park, in the County of Stafford, and for building a Bridge cross the *° River Tame, at or near Etlford in the said County, and for repairing, and keeping i» Repair, the Road from such Bridge, to Hademore Gate, in the Road leading through Whittington, to the City of Litchfield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for discontinuing the Use of several Roads leading into and over Fisherwiek Park, in the County of Stafford, and for building and maintaining a public Bridge cross the River Tame, at or near LI ford Ford, in the said County, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge, to Gate,

in the Road, leading through Whittington, to Litchfield.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of John Sozcerby, of Soroerby Row, in the PariHi of Castle Sozcerby, in the County of Cumberland, 1 Gentleman, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, being Owners of Lands and Tenements within the Manor and PariHi of aforesaid, and hav ing Right of Common on the W alks and Commons lying in the Manor and PariHi aforesaid, on behalfof themselves, and many othpr Persons interested in the said Waste and Commons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that I.eave has been given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, commonly called Soroerby Pajturc, and sundry finall Parcels of Waste Land, lying within the said Manor, which the Petitioners apprehend will be extremely prejudicial to them, and many others interested in the said Waites and Commons: And therefore praying, That the)' may be heard, by their Couiifel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition dq lie upon the Table.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge, cross the River of Thames, from Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to

Butterjea, in the County of Surrey, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bril; which they had directed him to report z to

fclktftoue

Church*

Cmfdington

Inclosure,

Bawtry

to

Markham

Road.

Refiingby

Indoiurc.

6 Geo. III.

Marti.

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments in nt. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second rl iuie, One by One, and upon the Question severally put there-txpon, were agreed to by thelfoufe.

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Coleraine reported from the Committee, to whom the Rill for the better Support and Preservation of the Parish Church ot' FoUeflone, and the lower Part of the Town offoM<^«e,in the County ofA'e?j/,was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him td*report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, called C'liddington or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with , in the Parish of JVeverham, in the County of Chester, was

read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 27. I. 32. To leave out " and to and for the " Trustees, and Feoffees for charitable Uses for the " Time being/’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Cuddington, or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of IVei'crham, in the County of C

Ordered, That Sir John Glynnq do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ilewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Baw-try, in the County of York, to East Common, in the County of N, and from Little Drayton, to Twiford Bridge, in the laid County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Plade; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Lafccllesdo make the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wafl.es, within the Township or Parish of Beffingby, in the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Lascelles accordiugly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Greame, Esquire, who is possessed of 120 Acres of Land, or thereabouts, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, because he might not like the Allotment made him, and did not chuse to havehimself to blame; and that the Lands intended to be indofed contain i,oSo Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the'

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th* Amendments were Onie read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Ques-‘ tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Tufncllreported from the Committee, to whom Brigham

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Inclosure-, dows, Pallures, and Commons, or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brig(tam, in the Parish oi Foston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and'that the Committee had gone through the Bill,% and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered :the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:. Where the Report was read. \

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And it appearing to the House, that there were several Erafements and Interlineations in the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to prdent a proper Bill inllead thereof.

The House being informed, that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he-was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to I lis Majeli v,

An Account, shewing how the Monies given for the ccotmt; Service of the Year 1765 have been disposed of, dillin- Dispositie’n guished under the several Heads, until the 13thDay of of *"" March 1766, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vifi.

Vol. 30,

8 D Ax

Os

Crt

4

Am ACCOUNT, stewing how the Money gif err for the Service oftht Year 1765 has been disposedo£ distinguashed under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of March 1766,

and the Parts remaining uufatisfied* with the Deficiency thereupon.

D

eg;

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

6q

S E ft V I C E- S.

A

rFor the Wage* and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and thfc Vi&ualfing thereof of 16,000 Men, including 4,287 Marine*, from lii January 1765 - -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sesrand Marine Officers, for the Year 176^ -

For the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of-their Counfry, not provided for in Greenwich

£>[ Hospital - - - -....

.2 \ Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings and Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1765 .

Towards dischafgtfig Bills payable* in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports -

Towards building a Lazaret ——

For paying a Bourity, for the Year 1765, of vs. 6d. a Day to 15 Chaplains, and of 2s. per Day to 15 mere Chaplains, who have served % longed on Board His Majesty’s Ships of War - -

For Ordnance, Sea Service

o

a

m

a

U

C

8

For Ditto, — Land Service - -

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1764 - - - / 4 -

OFor defraying the Charge of 17,421 Men for Guards, Garrisons,-and other His Majesty’sl^md forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and

Jersey, for the Year 1765 -.....- - ~ - -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations* including those in Gat^ifbh at 'Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nora Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1765 - For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and /r//ft.Eftfiblilhme»t of 5 Regiments of Foot, serving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1765 ——

For defraying the Charge of 3 Independent Companies of Foot, to be raifod for His Majesty’s Service oh the Coast of Africa, and for

Provisions for the fame, from the 25th of December 1764 to the 25th of December 1765 - - - - - ‘ -

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1765 - . - ‘ - -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 176.^ - '

For Pensionsto the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and'Marines, for the-Year 1765

) For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account, for the Year 1765 - -

\ For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guard*, for the Year 1763

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of Ilia Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 24th Day of Dc~ cevtber 1763 and the 24th Day of December 1764, and not provided for by Parliament - - - *.*

£ 8. d.

790,400

4°7>734 11 3

5,000 —

400,000 — —

1^00,000 — —

5,000 —

>,23» 17 6

: 8. d.

— —

>74,67315 10

55,519 10 7

1. d.

608,130 10 7

387,502 3 nf

6,346 3 5

17

It,291 8 4

109,107 18 4

1,664 —

135>bo6 12r 6

2,361 H 2

4041496 7 6

Sums voted.

£. s. d.

271 >793 <5 5

Sums paid.

£ d.

2,886,87 6 9 5$

250,000-----

Remains to be paid.

£. t. d.

22,489 19 3}

ai>793 6 5

130 Mar lit. 1766.

o

t*

c*

o

fa*

l-H

Tq enable His Majesty to defray the Chaise of the Subsidies to the Duke of Brunfaick, pursuant to Treat ies, for the Year 1765 Towards affixing His Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of Hefft Cuff'd, pursuant to Treaty Towardsdischargingfuchunlatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty for examining and dating the same More towards discharging Ditto, out of the Monies remaining to be applied of the Exceedings of the several Sums provided by Parliament for sundry Services, and of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands of the Paymaster General by Contractors and others, to the 23d Day of MarcA 1765

£ s- d.

1148, >59 17 4 i

*251,740 <» 73

500,000 —

'C

a

g

o

For paying off and discharging the principal Sum of £. 800,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 4® Georgii 3tU, for the Service of the Year 1764, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted for the Service of the Year 1765, together with Interest of the said Exchequer Bills, and the Charges of making out, issuing, and paying off the same -Towards the finishing and completing the Works for improving, widening, and enlarging the Passageover and through Isondon Bridge For defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Dav of March 1765 -

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1765 -

To satisfy sundry Expences for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Years 1750, 1751, 1752, 1762, and 1763, and not provided for by Parliament - -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of

June 176+ to the 24th of June 1765 :....

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th

of June 1764 to the 24th of June 1765 - -- -- -.....-

.For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1764 to the 24th of June 1765 -

For defraying the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1765 -

For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, and putting the said Forts into better Repair

For building a Block-House at or near Cape Appolonia on the Coalt of 4frica -

For defraying the Charge of a Civil Establishment upon that Part of the Coast of Africa between Sallee in South Barbary and Cape

Rouge, for the Year 1765 - -- -- --....

To enable His Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the Government of Barbadoes, for the Assistance given to the Forces under

the Command of General Monckton, in the Expedition against the Bland of Martinico - - -.

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses -Towards enabling the Governors of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate, or to place out as Apprentices, such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th of March 1760, from the 3 ill of December 1764 to the 31st of December 1761 -

TTo replace tt> the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted A0 175 8> on the 5th July 1764 -

To replace to D® the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

granted A® 1763,011 the 10th October 1764 -----....

To replace to D® the like Sum issued thereout, for paying Annuities at per Cent. for the Year ended the 29th of September 1764, which were granted in respect of Navy, Victualling, and Transyort Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to 3n Act 30 Georgii 3m -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1763, at Indy Day 1765 To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1763, at Michaelmas 1765 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1764 -

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament i° Georgii 3tU -

For redeeming One Fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act 30 Georgii 3111, in respect of several Navy, Vida ailing, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures ——

£. d.

48,176 1 n| 4

49.74^ 1 a*

239.342 2 4 -

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

OQ-

FT

>o,343 >« P.fT

50,000-----

248,259 >7 4f

1,981,602 10 6-jj

822,338 6 10J

7.000 -

80.000 -

4,911 14 11

7.000 -

3,966-----

5.200 -

5.200 -

1,601 14 —

13.000 -

7.000 -

5>5oo-----

10.000 -

2,400-----

38,000-----

237,260 5 a

160,599 4 6|

268^000-----»

249,660 4 10

7»°49 >0 3i

870.888 5 si

7,969,337 >* >TT

1,784,856 10 9j

822,338 6 10J

7,000 — ---

4,911 14 11

7,000 -

3,966-----

5,200 -

5,200-----

1,601 14 —

13.000 -

7.000 -

4.000 -

10.000 -

2,400-----

36,832 10 —

237,260 5 6

160,599 4 6f

268,000-----

249,660 4 10 7.049 10 3$

870,888 5 si

7,645,640 16 8

Os

a

o

196,745 19 8*J h-4

80,000 — —

323,696 15 5

o\

cn

tn

75°>00° 11,000,000 1*5' >0,000 135/213

2,100,000

80,000

800,000

po, oooo

308,000

12,000

W A YS and M EAN S towards the said Services.

1. d,

______By the Malt Duties continued Anno 1765*

__ — By 4s. per IJb. on Lund.

_ — By Annuities and a Lottery.

5 — By the Surplus of the Sinking Fund remaining on the 10th of Ottobtr 1764, for the Disposition of Parliament.

— . — - Out of the Sinking Fund.

----- m Granted for Pay and Clothing the Militia, Anno 1704, and

not issued for that Service.

— — By Exchequer Bills charged on the next Aids to be grant-

ed in Parliament.

— — Out of Inch of the Duties grantod or continued by an Act

40 Georgii 3t,f, as were directed to be referred in the Exchequer to be disposed of by Parliament towards t he Expences of defending, protoft ing, and securing the British Colonies in America, be.

— — Of the Monies agreed to be paid by the French King, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War. ----- Out of Duties granted upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gu.n Arabic, by an Act 50 Georgii 3tu.

7^45/213 5 — i

224,124 7 — Deficiency of Grants.

£-l >969,337 vi 1

Memorandum:

No Monifcs have arisen info the Exchequer from the Sale ©I french Prizes, taken before the Declaration of War.

D

<9’

i — 4-

N‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains to be applied out of the Sinking Fund, to complete £. 2,100,000 -

The Duties granted and continued by an Act 4* Georgii 3lU, to be applied towards the Expences of defending, protecting, ami securing the British Colonies in America, being given for £. 60,000, but having yet produced into the Exchequer no more than £. 3,223. 8#. iod. there remaius to be issued, when the same shall arise, or the Deficiency thereof be made good -

The Duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, given for/. 12,000, having produced into the Exchequer no more than/. 72. ijs. lojd. there remains to be applied, when the same shall arise, or the Deficiency thereof be made good - - ' . -

C f. d.

30,868 15 —

56,776 u 2 11,927 2 1}

Deficiency of the Ways and Means granted to arrfwer the Sendees -

But if the Total of the Sums wanting to complete the above /. 60,000 and /. 12,000, be added (making

together) ——

The Deficiency of the Ways and Means will am ount to - - - - -----/

99,572 8 4$

224,124 7 — $ 68,703 13 3I 292,828 — 4i

Ok

%ri

O

Memorandum:

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided; are as follow; viz.

For the late Marine Regiments.....*

African Company’s Creditors -

Georgia Bills, Residue of,/. 15496. 19*. ijd. - -

Presented the 13th Day of March 1766, by

IF. Speer

1-6,506 5 2J

900 12 10

57° »7 7t

£-17,977 >5 7i

130 Marti. A, 1766.

6 Geo. III. i £ Marti.' 657

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tattle, to he perused by the Members of the House.

Annoyance* Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing all Annoyances, Accidents, ig ways. anfj Disputes, in and upon tlm °uhlie Highways of this Kingdom: And that M Wu"-hcot, Mr. Mr.

Sibthorpe, and Sir Johndo prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Palerson, according to Order, rejrorted from the

Committee of the whole HouC, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Mis Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Four thousand Three hundred and Ten Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, be granted to Flis Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of I iis Majesty’s Land Forces, and Other Set-vices, incurred to the 24th Day of January 1766, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-four thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-leven Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, oat of the Monies or Savings arising from the Pay of the Land Forces in the Hands of the Pavmasters General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred to 24th Day of January 1766, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for establishing un Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for " the Service of the Year 1764; and for more eft'edtually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities, as are " therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the " Owners thereof and charged upon the First Aids to be granted by Parliament for the Serviceof the Year 1766.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out, by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1765," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, uot exceeding Forty-five thousand Five hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence 1 Ialfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of 1765, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Peulions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund, by an Act of the , Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities, at the Bank of in respect of

Five Millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Snm, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-nine thousand Three hundred Forty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum issued Vol. 30.

thereout, for paying Annuities, after the Rate of Four Supply. Pounds per Centum, for the Year ended the 29th Day of

September 1765, which were granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of l lis present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum issued thereout, for paying the Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for Two Years and One Half, due the 29th Day of September 1765.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Two hundred and Eleven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October .1765, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, which were made a Fund, by an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paying Annuities, in respect of Three Millions Five hundred Thousand Pounds, borrowed to*, wards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1763.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1766.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand and Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to I lis Majesty, upon Account of sundry Expences for the Service of Nova Scotia, in the Years 2750, 1752,

1752, 1762, and 1763, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of,

and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1765, to the 24th Day of June 1766.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1765, to the 24th Day of

1766.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred Pounds, be granted to; His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Eft*-bliftiment of His Majesty’s Colony of Wtf Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Da^- of June.1765, to the 24th Day df June 17 66. t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Four Shillings, bfc granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1766.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty,

8 E upon

M

13* — 170 Martii.

A. 17*55.

upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Ellabliftiinent of His Majesty’s Government of Sene-gambia, for the Year 1766.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Queiiion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Com^n Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for regulating the Q^Jcanon Qualifications of the Proprietors of East India Stock, be

of J ‘l 1 mr J 1 ‘

Proprietor*.

read the Third Time, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Putin ou to resolve -itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cyder, *c. Upon the Bill for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry, by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting certain Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry, imposed by several former Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewatt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Messageu from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

America; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act securing it* - for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s n4<nCy' Dominions in America, upon the Crow n and Parliament of Great Britain, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the CohcUrrence of this House: And also,

Blagov* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Copyhold Estates of Ann Blagrave. Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchaseof other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses to which he said Copyhold Estates Hand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House

And then the Messengers withdrew.

America'; The House proceeded to take into Confederation the securio# it* Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Dependency. An Act for the better securing the Dependency of His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

And the thid Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 5. After " themselves" insert "or to the " General Assemblies of the fame."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Glove Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House MuaEtAure. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glove Sellers, and Glove Manufacturens, Leather Dressers, and Leather Sellers of the Cities of London and Wefimirster, and Borough of Southwark -, and also the Petition of the Leather

Glove Manufacturers and Leather Dressers of the City of Worcester-, and also the Petition of the Glove Makers

and leather Dressers of the City of Hereford-, and also the Petition of the Clove Manufacturers, G love Sellers, leather Dressers, and Leather Sellers of the City of York; were referred; he now read.

And the said Order being re;id accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boulton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boulton reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee, to make a Motion, when ttye House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Matthews with Ann Matthews his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; And for other Purpqles therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shifter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refupied the Chair.

Mr. Sh iff her reported from the Committee, That they had examined Witnesses and heard Counsel for the Bill; and that 00 Counsel or Party appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jjunee, 17* die Martii 5

Anno 6* Georgii in’" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

SIR Jarrit Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within t,he City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages, within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places within the said City, and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time. llejolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to toxeter, and from &'pathto Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnalls Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County: And

the same was received; and rear] the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclQfing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Little llorwood, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-p davy$.

Matthews*

Divorce*

Bristol

Sticets*

High Bridge^ &c. Road-

Little-

H or wood inclosure.

6 Geo. III. Martu.

dows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

" in the Parish of Little Horwood, in the County of

Ducks.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Southwark Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according Strecu. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

granted by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the6Ve?t« End, in the Borough of to several Places in the Counties of.Surrey and; and for enlightening the said Roads, and establishing a regular Nightly W'ateh thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southwark; and for repairing the Road from Smilham Bottom, to the End of

Lane, and from Wandsworth, through Gar rat, to Toot-

ing: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

11 (solved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Butcrfca An ihgrofied Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to Butterfea, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

liejblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Datterfea, in the County of Surrey, to Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bo«rn Lord BrownlmoBertie presented to the House, ac-

ladoture. cording to Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Jlefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

dious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Mr. Tvfnellpresented to the House, according to Brigham

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Bwlofure, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of

Fofton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and BeHwley adorning, BerkeleySquarc, in the Parish of Saint George, Square* Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tifnell,

Mr. Wynn, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Southwell

Mr. Buirell, Lord Grey, Mr. Gore, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Houblon,

Mr. Townshend, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Filzroy, Mr. Yorke, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. fry, Mr. Seymour, M r. Burton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Hewett,

Sir George Savile, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Parker, Mr. Burke, Sic George Yonge, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Powletl, Mr. Long, Mr and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Hertford, Ejflex, Surrey, Kent, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Bagot presented to the House, according to Or- Wedpeibury, der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlafion Lane, next the Portway, and from thence, through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbett Lane;

and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Slqfford: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Woollen Ordered, That Mr. Edward Lascelles be added to the Manufacture. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County, of York, and also so much of several other Laws, as prescribes particular Standards of Width and length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

Ditto*. Mr. Edu ard Lafcellesprefcntedto the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last hellion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds and certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Paftagf* Mr. Burton presented to the House, according to to the Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of of E^'la . the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and " Ground contiguous and near to the Bank, and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more coraao-

VOL. 30.

An ingrossed Bill for the Support and Preservation of Folkeftoot the Parish Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of Church, the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Support and Preservation of the Parish Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That the Lord Coleraine do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, accord- Spittlegate ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Hill, of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twelfth °* Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate ,in the County of

Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the county of ,

as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill, to Fofton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re- Cromford pair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the Bridge, County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Langley Mill, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Southzoell, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Lord Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Garth,.

66o 170 Mattiu A. *17

Garik, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. llobart, Mr. Ward, Sir George At milage, Mr. Fane, Sir John Houblon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gray, Mn. and all the Members who serve for the Counties John Pitt, Sir John Hynde Colton, Mr. SeymouY, Mr. Ba- of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, and Southampton:

eon, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Long, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Darner, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Mr. Mills, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Lein's, Sir George Yonge, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr. Duke, Mr.

Thomas Pit>, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Mr. Wyndham,

Sir Francis Vincent, M r. Foley; and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Derby, Nottingham, Lincoln, York, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lauder A Bill for repairing the Road from the Burgh of °* ' Lauder, in the Shire of to and through KelJb,

in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elliot, Mr. Shiffher, Lord Garlics, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Frederick Canipbell, Mr. Dundas, Sir JoJ'eph M axe bey, Mr.

Southwell, Sir Laurence Dundas, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Lord Mountjluart, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Damer, Sir Alexander Mr. Pla-

mer, Lord Coleraine, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Bacon, Sir Smith, Mr.

Sullivan, Mr. Bui'toji, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Mr.

Dufon, Mr. Martin, Mr, Gray, Mr. jackjbn. Sir Lo/ige.Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lewis, S\r John AjUey; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bnlderton Mr. Heivett presenteu to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Balder ton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bawtry An ingrossed Billforrepairing and widening the Road to from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham *Road m Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from

0 Drayton, to Twiford Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Drayton, to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Matthews’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce. to difl’olve the Marriage of John Matthews, with Ann

Maltheics, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiffher do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

War, ham A Bill for repairing several Roads, leading into the

Read*. Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dot jet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lends, Sir Francis Vincent, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Elliot,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Charles Mr. Grey,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cafivall, SAr.Luttrell,\xrv<[ Villiers, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Whitshed, Mr. HuJkeMr. Mr.

Iiord Catherlough, Mr. Cur von. Sir Waller Blacket, Mr.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, ami the leverat Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the Neighbourhood of the said Town of Wareham, whoseNatr.es are thereunto subscribed; which was prel’ented to the House upon Monday lall, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

' And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of ^Holborn Saint George the Martyr, Queen's Square, whose Names stref«°arc.

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and ’

other Inhabitants, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That under the Powers of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, for building Fifty, new Churches in and about Ixnulon and Westmiijtcr, and the Suburbs thereof, the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr was taken out of that Part of Saint Andrews, Ho, which lies in the County of Middlesex, called the Liberty of Saint Andrew, Holboum, above the Bars, and made a distinct

Parish, to all Intents and Purposes, except as touching Church Rates, the Relief of the Poor, and Rates for the Highways; that, in pursuance of a Special Provision in the said Act, a perpetual Division of the Church Rates between the said Two Parish es, was duly made, by Instrument in Writing for that Purpose, as the said Act directs; and that the Choice of Overseers of the Poor, Surveyors of the Highways, and Scavengers, and the Management of those Affairs, remain jointly in the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, including the said Parish of Saint George; but the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, exclusive of the said Parish of George, are more numerous than the Inhabitants of the said Parish, andconl’equently have the ablblute Power in the Election of Officers, and Management of the Affairs, which jointly concern the said Liberty, and Parish of Saint George the Martyr; and that the Assessment of these Rates are so absolutely in the Power of the Inhabitants of Saint Andrews, , that those of Saint George the Martyr can in no wife avoid, or controul them, although ever so unreasonable, whereby the Petitioners have long been, and continue to be, excessively over-rated, beyond their Proportion of the said Rates, to the great Grievance of the Petitioners; and that it would he greatly to the Ease, Ad-, vantage, and Convenience of the Petitioners, and all the Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr, was that Parish wholly separated, and made a distinct Parish from the said Parish of Saint Andrew, llol-bourn, as well in respect of the said Rates for Relief of the Poor, and for the Highways, as the same now is in all other Respects; and that the Petitioners observing, by the Votes of the House, that Application has been made by the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint drew, Holboum, above the Bars, and others, for a Bill touching the Nightly Watch, and for cleansing and enlightening the Streets, and for providing a more suitable and competent Maintenance and Support for the Poor, by consolidating the Rates of the same into One joint Fund; Arid therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making the said Parish of Saint George the Martyr a separate and distinct Parish from that of Saint Andrew, Holboum, as well in respect to the Rates for the Poor, Highways, and Scavengers, as all other Respects whatsoever, in such Manner

as

Whitechapel

Poor.

Stretham

Drainage,

&c.

Haverhill

to

Red Crofe Road.

6 Geo. III. 17* Matin.

as to the House shall seem meet: or that they may be at liberty to bring in a separate Bill for those Purposes, with l'uch Provisions therein, as shall be thought proper, for the Benefit of the said Parish bf George the Martyr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cookepresented to the House, according to Or*

der, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex-.And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbea Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum. Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for draining and preserving Stretham Common, in the Parish of Stretham, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge-, and for building a Bridge over the River Ouze, between the said Common and other Commonable Fen Lands in the said Parish; and that great Part of the Lands directed to be drained by the said Act, lie within the said Parish of Stretham; and that, by the said Act, the Commissioners wrere impowered to lay an Acre Tax, and to mortgage the fame; and that they have, for the speedy Execution of the said Act, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said Taxes, and have carried the said Works of draining into execution, and find the greatest Benefit therefrom; but, from the Smallness of the present Acre Tax, are unable to pay the Money borrowed for that Purpose, and to maintain and preserve the Works of Drainage; and that it is necessary that the Number of Cattle to be depallured upon the Commonable Waite and Fen Grounds in Waterbeach aforesaid, should be reduced; And therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Montagu, Mr. Foley, Mr. Milles, Mr. Mr. Long,

Mr. DempJU-r, Sir Charles Mr. Bolton, Sir

John Palmer, Mr. llolt, Mr. Waljh, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Darner, Mr. Fuller, Lord Grey, LordCffry.t/brf, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prou/e, Sir

Edmundisham, Mr. Parker,^Ir.G rayfnrRobertLadbroke Sir George Yonge, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. -/tend, Mr. Jennings f\x A lexanderGilmour, M r. Molyneux, Mr. Shifjhcr, Mr Leiois, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr

Mr. Waller, Sir Edward Turner, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road, leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red. Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton;- Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir Charles

Vol. 30.

Banbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Damer, Mr. fter. Lord Coleraine, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Grey, Mr. Foley, Lord Grey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Burke, Mr. Southioell, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Lord Strange, Mr. Oswald, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Milles,

Ix>rd Carysfort, Mr. Lultrell, Mr. Bolton, Sir Robert

Ladbroke, Mi*. Parker, Mr. Clive, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rice, Mr. Dyfoh-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Essex, Suffolk, Hertford, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Sir John Palmer presented to the House, according Kegworth to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve- Inclosure; ral Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Paliures, and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Keg-worth, in the County of Iwicester:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are . Dktoi thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interested in the Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons, in the Lordship of Liberty of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the Ht/afe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Voles, that a. Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields,

Meadows, Paliures, and Commons; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Property of the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them* selves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioner# . may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve* ral Open and Common Fields, Mgadows, Failures, and Commons, within the Lordship of Liberty of Kegworth, in the County of Leicester, be read a Second Time j. and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Wednesday the 26th Day of this Instant March.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aldcroft’s to d iffolve the Marriage of Charles Aldcroft, Gentleman, Divorce*

with Sarah Sheicell, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee: of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Lord Brownlozo Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

8 F Bill

Keddington Inclosure.

Stort River Navigition.

Accounts; Foundling Hospital.

662 17° Marti’ 17

Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the from the 31IV Day of December 1765, exclusive, to the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, 31st Day of December 1766, inclusive. to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the And then he withdrew.

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Commissioners, under certain Circumstances, to inclose Allotments.

And the said Clause was read Twice, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Houblon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and continuing Navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Collinguood, Secretary to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of all Monies received and paid, by the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and de-fertedYoung Children, between the 31 ft Da 1764, exclusive, and the 31st Day of Decerkber, 1765, inclusive, with the Balance then remaining:' And also, N° a. An Account of the Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been placed out Apprentices between the 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1765, inclusive: And also,

N°. 3. An Account of the Number of the said Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have been returned to their Parents between the 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1765, inclusive: And also,

N®. 4. An Account of the Number of Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who have died between the 31st Day of December 1764, exclusive, and the 31st Day of December 1765, inclusive: And also, N° 5. An Account of the Number of the Children, received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, on or before the 25th Day of March 1760, who were living n the 31st Day of December 1765: And also,

N*. 6. An Estimate of the Expence of maintaining the Children received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children/-on or before the 25th Day of March 1760,

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section; and the said Estimate is as followeth, viz.

A n ESTIM AT E of the Expence of maintaining the Estimate« Children received into the Hospital for the Main- Foundling tenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Ftofy'u*, Children, on or before the 25 th Day of March 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1765, exclusive, to the 31st Day of December 1766, inclusive;

The Number of Children living under the Care of the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital on the said 31st Day of December 1765, is Four thousand Five hundred and Nineteen; the Expence of maintaining whom, at Seven Pounds Ten Shillings each, amounts toThirly-three thousand Eight hundred Ninety two Pounds and Ten Shillings.

Note, Besides the above 4510 Children, there have been taken into this Hospital 170 Children, most ef whom were under the most distressed Circumstances, or Orphans of Soldiers and Sailors, whole Parents died in His Majesty’s Service; whereof 15 have been apprenticed, 5 claimed, and ;,o died; so that there are 100Children now alive, which are wholly maintained and provided for out of the private Donations made to this Hospital, and are not, nor ever have been charged to Public Account.

Signed by Order of the General Committee.

Thomas Collingivood, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Wareb*m and Gentlemen, assembled at the Affixes held at Dor-chester, in and for the County of the 13th Day

of March 1766, was presented to the House, and read.

Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes that Application has been made for a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to and from the Town of Wareham; and that the Petition for such Bill is ligned by only Fifteen Persons, very few of whom have any Property or Concern with the said County of Dorset-, and that the several Roads m< ntioned in the said Petition are very ex ten live, many of them little frequented by Travellers, and through Parts of the Country where very little Trade or Commerce is carried on; and that no public Meeting of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the ftyd County of,

has been had, to take their Sense of the Utility of such Bill; but the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would be very injurious and oppressive to a considerable Part of the Country:

And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Qj0Te

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to M»u«u.au*«k whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glove Sellers, and Glove Manufacturers, Leather

Dressers,

Accounts; Fun.

Oil

Pot Ashes.

African

Company.

Supply Bill Duties o« 1 Cider,

6 Geo. III. i fMa

Drafters, and Leather Sellers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of; and also the

Petition of the Leather Glove Manufacturers and Leather Drafters of the City of and also the Petition of the Glove Makers and Leather Drefiers of the City of Hereford; and also the Petition of the Glove Manufacturers, Glove Sellers, Leather Drefiers, and Leather Sellers, of the City of Yorks were referred} be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Boulton reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade anti Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts, in this Kingdom.

And Mr. Boulton moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts, in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Boulton, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Cornewa Sir Robert,

Mr. JYard, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr.

Cholmondeley, Mr. Sandys, Mr and Mr. Fitz-

roy Scudamore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hie House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented, to the House, purl'uant to their Orders.

An Account of the Quantity of the different Kinds of Furs imported into England, from the British Colonies in America, from Clinfmas 1759 1764;

diilinguishing each Colony and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Train Oil imported from the British Colonies in Afrom 759

to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Pot Ashes imported from the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1764; diliinguithing each Colony and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Committeeof the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read} Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Sum granted for 1764, examined and parted by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act passed in the Yeari 750, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and that they have inverted the Money granted for the Support of the several Forts on the said Coast, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries, and are preparing Materials for carry ing into execution the intended Block House at Cape Appo-

Ionia;and that the Petitioners, beingfenfible of the great Regard fiiown by the House for the Brit if 1 Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa: Therefore pray the House to grant such a Sum-, for thenecessary Support thereof, for the ensuing Year, as Lha.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

; Mr. Cornewall, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for' repealing the Duties granted upon Cider and Perry, by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s, Vot. 30.

Reign.and for granting certain Duties on Cider and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually recuring the Duties on CiderandPerry, imposed byfeveral former Acts* was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare, and lay before this House, a Repre-fentation of the State of the Trade and Manufactures set up, and carried on, in the several American Colonies, as far as the same can be done from Books and Papers now in their Office.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ths Bill for regulating the Qualifications of the Proprietors of EafIndia Stock, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas j

Tellers for the Noes, j j uricr. }«'

And the Members being equal, Mr. Speaker said, That, as the Bill might be brought in, if a proper one, another Year, he declared himself with the Noes.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31 Days of January Iaft, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 ill Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, said by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 ift Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received to Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee’ of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The

Manufacture!

in

America)

Qualificatioxl

of

Proprietors*

American

Colonief.

Ways and Means/

x

by

664 17* — 18° Mar Hi. . 17

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of, and the Charges upon, the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund, from the ioth Day of October to the 5th Day of January tail, be referred to the said Committee.

Militia A Motion being made. That the Report which was wdClothing. ma^e from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Eiiimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Amount of 28 Days Subsistenee for the Commission Officers of the said Militia, under the Rank of Major, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for the Year 1766, as the House shall think ne-eeflary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refoulutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

c*

from God.(tone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate. in the Parish of East Grinjtead, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Croxton ,otherwise CroxtonKerial, in the County of Leicester, without

any Amendment: And also,

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Braunflon, otherwise Branflon, in the County of without

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Waltham, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from by

Molfcroft, to Kendell House; and from to

Bainton Balk, in the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common-Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Townlliip of Winjlow, in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadows, Grounds, and Ings, within the Parish of Stillington, in the County of York, without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Most noble Francis Duke of to extend a Branch of his navigable Cut, or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Mar tit;

Anno 6* Georgii III1" Regis, 1766. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

American The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^Stamp Act. to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies

and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the

Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Godftane The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the s«ft Griofoai. Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Brand, Sir Francis VinMr. Hexvett, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hopkins, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bagot, Sir Mr.

Gray, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Wark-worth, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir John PalmerfSlr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Fitzherbert, Sir George Savile, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Of caid, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir C Mr. Edmonstone. Sir JoJ'eph Mawbey, Sir John Hynde; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Suffer: and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish of Bejfvngby, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish. of Bejfmgby, in the County of York.

Ordered,

Liverpool

Pilots.

Crouton

inclosure.

Braun flo* Inclosure.

Waltham

Inclosure.

Beverley#

kc.

Road.

Win flow Inclosure.

Srillington

Inclosure.

Duke of Bridgewater’* Navigation.

Tunbridge

to

Maid Rone Roads.

Beffingbjr

Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 18" Martii. 665

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ke<Winston An ingrossfed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Inchfare. Open £nd Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Broumlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mutklcy Ordered, That Mr. Ward be added to the Gentlemen, Comer, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for *cr repairing and widening the Road to

03 Wat fall and Wednesinuy., and to Leigh Brook, and

Hill, and from Toll End to Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Portioay, to the and Wolverhampton

Road, and from Church to Nero Alills, and from

Waif all Brook to Ah leu-ell Street, and from

Chapel to Barn Hales, all in the County of Stafford.

GrimoMby Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom

inclosure. tj,e Qj|{ for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of

Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mr. William who is possessed

of qi Acres, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 1,719 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thert a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Humber Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Light Houses whom the Petition of Leonard of Sheriff

at Hutton, in the County of York, Esquire, was referred; Spurn Point. 'J'hat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, Copy of Letters Patent of the 25 th of October, 27 Car. 2. granting to JudinianAngel, his Heirs and Assigns, certain Duties on Shipping passing by a Light House erected by the said JuJ/inAngel, at the Spurn Point, near the Mouth of the Humber, 1'ubject to the Payment of a yearly Rent of Five Pounds; ami providing, that if at any ’l ime it should appear to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Succefi’ors, that the said Grant was inconvenient for the Public; that then, he or they, by Signification or Declaration, under their Signet nr Privy Seal, of such Prejudice or Inconvenience, the said Tetters Patent were to be void and determine.

And the Copy of other Letters Patent of the 14th Day of June, in the 30th Year of the Reign of his said l&te Majesty Ring Charles the Second, for granting an additional Duty te the said JuJUnian Angel, his Heirs Vol. 30.

and Assigns, for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to a Humber Rent of Five Pounds per Annuih.Light House*

Then there was produced to yonr Committee, a Spurn point. Lease and Release, dated the 10th and 1 ith of 1692; whereby it appeared, That Edzcard the Petitioner’s Great Grandfather, purchased Cue Fourth Part of the Land of the said Jujiin Angel,

whereon the said Light Houses were erected, and of the Duties arising therefrom.

Then the original Will of Edward Thompson, Esquire, the Petitioner’s Uncle, was produced, and read; whereby it appeared, that he devised his Interest in the said Land and Light Houses to the Petitioner $ and Mr. Leuyns Baldero said. That he had received the Rents and Profits of the Premises for the Use of the Petitioner: Then,

Mr. William Hammond produced to your Committee,

Two Surveys of the Entrance of the Humber, one made in the Year 1674, and the other by Captain Mitchell, aS it is at present; by which Surveys it appeared, that Part of the Ground near the Spurn Point had been wralhed away, and other Ground thrown up, so that the Point of the Spurn now lies at a considerable Distance from the said Light House: And, being examined, he said, That the Situation of the present Lights is very inconvenient , for Navigation, and frequently occasions the Loss of Shipping, which is become much more frequent of late Years; that the Witness saw Three Wrecks of Ships in October 1764, which Were owing to the Situation of the Lights; and that he believes 40 or 50 Ships have been loftfihce the Year 1741, from the same Reason: That Shipwrecks have increased considerably of late Years $ and that sometimes you cannot get into the lower Light House for Two or T hree Hours, as the Wind and Tide happens; and that the Sea, in high Winds and Tides, sometimes comes up to the higher Light House; and that the late Keeper of the Li^ht House said, he durst not stay in the Tower in a high Gale of Wind; that the Danger is not- confined to Vessels employed in the Humber, but to Coasting Vessels, Which in bad Weather dare not come in, on account of the bad Situation of the Lights, which, if properly placed, they might easily and safely do; and that the Witness himself, going up the Ilumber in Company with another Ship, in a dark blowing Night, was confounded, and could not tell whether he was on the Bull Sand or on the Point, because he could Hot discover at whatDistance the Lights were; and that the other Ship was wrecked the same Night; and that this Danger and Loss would have been prevented, if the Lights had been properly placed.

Captain Robert Mitchell, late Commander of the King’s

Ctrftoin House Sloops on the Ilumber Station, confirmed the Evidence given by the last Witness; and added, that the present Distance from the higher Light House to the lower one, is so short, that they are of very little, if any. Service to Vessels entering the Ilumber: That he has known several Vessels loft upon the Pitch of the Point, and the Crews of several of them drowned; and such of the Crews as were saved, said, that the Loss of their Vessels was owing to the ill Situation of the Lights; that he has known 14 or 16 Ships loft within thele 13 Years- and that the Point is increased about a Quarter of a Mile filled the Witness knew it; and that the Lights are at such a Distance, that Ships frequently run on the Point, when they think they are to the Southward.

That there are safe Roads in the Humber when the Wind blows a,t East, North Ealt, and South East, which aredaugerons Windson the Coast; and that it would be a great Advantage, nbt only to the Coasting Trade, but to the Baltic Ships, if the coming in were safe; for a Ship that draws 14 Feet Water has no other Place but the Ilumber to put into; and they arc obliged toftayout at Sea from the Defeat of the Lights: That the Mailers of Colliers have told him this has frequently been the Cafe; and that the Witness himself who knows the Place ag well as any one, has been obliged to do so; but that " £ G ’ if

666 18 9 AarA. 1766.

Humber if the tights were placed on the Points, it would be Light Houset safe coming in; that Two Ships were loft last Year, the Spurn Joint. Crew of one of which all perished; and the Malier of the other made Affidavit, that his Loss was owing to the Situation of the Spurn Lights: Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Navigation; that there is no Harbour from the of Forth to the Humber, for that Ships dare not take Tinmouth Bar if the Wind is at North, N. N. tail, or East; that Ships would often take Shelter in the Humberto avoid going over the Deeps; but that the Lights in their present Situation are a mere I , and no Master or Pilot can go in with Safety; that this has been the Complaint of the Trade several Years; and that himself had often gone into the Humber at a very great Ritk.

Mr. Charles Wildbore, chief Clerk to the Trinity House, laid, That he had frequently attended at Mr. Angel's before the Petition had been presented to His Majesty, but could never get Access to him; and that he did not remember that Mr. Angel's Agent ever applied to the Trinity House for Directions, where the lower Light should be set up; and that several Complaints have been made from the several Trinity at Hull and A Tewcajtlefor Removal of the Lights.

Then a Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, to His Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, did, on or about the Month of February 1765, present a Petition to H is Majesty to make the said Letters Patent void.

'Then the Reference of the said Petition to the Attorney and Solicitor General, was read, and like wife their Report thereupon; whereby it appeared, that they were of Opinion, that the material Facts alleged in the Petition were well founded, and were a sufficient Ground to warrant the Proceeding to revoke the Letters Paten!; but, for the Reasons given in the said Report, thought it advisable to suspend, for a Time, the vacating the said Letters Patent, that the Patentees might have an Opportunity of authorizing the Trinity House, at the Expence of the Patentees, to take down the present Light Houses and erect others; and if the Patentees should refuse to consent, that it seemed advisable that the speediest Means the Law would allow, should be used to vacate the said Letters Patent.

Then the Agent for the Petitioner produced to your Committee, aProposal of the Petitioner to the Trinity House, for contributing his Proportion of the Expence of taking down the present, and.erecting new Light Houses under the Direction of the said Corporation, and keeping and preferring the Lights, as the said Corporation should think proper: And,

Mr. Wildbore said. That he had frequently attended at Air. Angel's since the said Report was made, but could never be admitted to fee him: That he had indeed written several Letters to the Trinity House, but they were all argumentative and evasive.

Then a Second Petition presented to His Majesty, to the same Purpose of the former, with the original Reference to the Attorney and Solicitor General, were read.

The Attorney General, being present, informed your Committee, That the Counsel for the Trinity , and for Mr. Angel, and for the Petitioner, had been heard, and several additional Affidavits produced of Losses which had lately happened; that they desired to hear Mr. Angel, but he refused, and stood on his Defence; that it was proved that he had taken no Step with the Trinity House, between May and October last; and as Two Years had been already loft, ami a Determination of the Matter at Law would take of a long Time, he had recommended it to the Petitioner to apply to Parliament; and though this Proposition was approved of by Mr. Angels Counsel, he would never take any Notice of it: Then,

Mr. Robert Baxter said, That^on the 20th of January

' 18 ‘ " V \

last, he, together with Mr. Wildbore. and Mr, attended at Mr. Angel's, with the Proposition, by Direction of the Attorney General, but could not gain Admittance to him; but left him a Letter, a Copy whereof was read to your Committee, giving Air.

Angel Notice of the Application to Parliament; which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Wildbore: And,

1 Mr. Lakeland said. That he was at Air. Angel’s, at StOcktvcllibut could not get Access to him, hut that he left a Copy of the Petition, and Notice of the Sitting of the Committee, at his House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and removing certain Light Houses, now standing upon the Spurn Point, at the Alouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light Houses instead thereof: And that Sir George Suvile,

Mr. Ridley, Lord BroumlowBertie, Sir John Major, and

Air. OJbaldeston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Shr-wibury the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses. of Bridge, the Town of Shreujhury, in the County of Salop, and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the said County and Town, was referred. That the Committee, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Harries said. That the Bridge called the Stone Bridge, leading into the Town of Shrewsbury, is in a ruinous Condition, and the Passage over the same inconvenient an^l dangerous; and that the Arches of the said Bridge are not of sufficient Capacity to receive the Water in Times of Flood.

That in order to render the Passage over the said Bridge safe and commodious, the several Buildings now Handing thereon must be taken down, and also thq Buildings erected on an Island near or adjoining thereto, in order to make a free and certain Railage for the Water to and under the fame; that it will be necessary also to take away the said llland, and several final! Buildings within the Arches of the l’akl Bridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, and enlarging the Stone Bridge leading into the Town of Shrewsbury, and for rendering the Passages leading thereto more commodious, and for removing Obstructions to the Passage for Water under the said Bridge; and for erecting a Temporary Bridge: And that Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles and Sir John Ajlley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the Crofs or Market Place, in the Town of Winborn Minster, to the Cross or Market Place, in the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dor-

set, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s’ Table: Where ' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be.

ingrossed-

Winboro

Minster

to

Bland ford

Road.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- . iteux. Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod:

' Mr.

6 Geo. III.

18° Ma

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

--- — f --- J - — — o (J

, Tl>e King commands this honourable House. to at* 1 Fields, Common Pastures, Commonr Meadows, Com* tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers, mon Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within

Mr. Speaker, . An Act for dividing and

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Royal Assent plils. Common Pastures. Common Meadows. Com* to

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up the Manor and Parish of Bio don, in the County of 0.r-to attend His Majesty. ford.

to attend His Majesty.

And being returned; An Act for dividing and ipclosing certain Open

An Act for dividing and ipclosing certain Open and

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty dows, and Commonable Valle Grouuds, in the Manor, was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Parish, and Tything, of Great Tew, in the County of

Public and Private Bills following;

Oxford.

An Act for confirming an Award, made for tli

Sixty-iix.

An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a An Act for confirming an Award, made for di-Land Tax, to be raised in Grefl/f Britain, for the Ser- vi.ling and inclosing several Common Fields and vice of the Yeat One thousand Seven hundred and Downs, in the Parish of JIafelton, in the County of

Sixty-iix.

An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-an Act made in the lull Session of Parliament, as relates mons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation in the Hamlet in the Parish of

of certain Linen Cloth of the Maunfacture of Russia; the IVold, in the County of

and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Importa- An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for lion of l ea, under certain Licences authorized to be dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Field granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Lands, within the Parish of in the County

Reign of his late Majesty. of Wilts.

An Act for the better securing the Dependency of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon the Crown Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Comaud Parliament of Great Britain. mon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor

and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Importa- An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for

mon Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor

An Act to repeal an Art, made in the last Session of and Parish of Thenford, otherwise in theCoun*

Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and apply- ty of Nort

ingcenain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and

Colonies and Plantations m America, towards further de- Common Field, called Bidford Common within the

flaying the Expences of defending, protecting, and fe- Parish of Bidford, in the County of '

curing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the fe- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common veral Arts Of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Re- Fields, Common Palin res, Common Meadows, Common venues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor the Mannerof determining and recovering the Penalties and Parish of Steeple AJUm, in the County of and Forfeitures therein mentioned. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. tham, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the County of An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Leicester.

Forces, while on Shore. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and Braunston, otherw\fe Btanfton, in the county of ^eicester. to indemnify Jultioes of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

said Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted Fields, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of to regiftet, or deliver in, their Qualifications, within the Croxton, otherwise C-rvxton Kerial, in the County of Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time Leicester.

for those Purposes; and toindemnify Members and Of- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

tcers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows^ rhofe Admissions have been omitted to be stamped. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the according to the several Arts of Parliament now in Township of Winjlow, in the County of Bucks.

Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have An Act for inclosing: and dividing the Common

been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Open Meadow Grounds* 1

provide Admissions duly stamped. and Ings, within the Parish of Stillington, in the County

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two of York.

Arts, One of the Twelfth of King George the First, and An Act to enable the most noble Francis Duke of the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for re- Bridgewater, to extend' a Branch of his Navigable Cut, pairing the Road from HorjLey Upright Gate, to the Top or Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Chester, of KingsdoicnHill, in the County of Wilts, and for amend- to the Market Town of Stockport, in the said County, ing several Roads hear or adjoining to the said Road. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Matthews An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an with Ann Matthews, his now Wife, and to enable him Art of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repair- to marry again; and for other Purposes therein men-ing the Road from Godjtone, in the County of Surrey, to tioned.

llighgate, in the Parish of East Grinficud, in the Coun- An Act for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michel,

ty of Safer.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Be- Mr. InfceUts reports! from the Commit-

verity, by Molfcroft, to Kendel House; and from Mols- tec, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing lndofure. croft to Bainton Baulk, in the County of York. several Qpen Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the within the Manor of , in the County of the

condurting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the City of , was committed. That the Comport of Liverpool. mittee fiad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

An Act to enable the Right honourable James Oswald, found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-amt the Right honourable George Sackville, commonly cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the -Called Lord George Sackville, to take, in Great Britain, Satisfaction of the Committee; except Robert Ifeig/b the Oath of Office?as Vice Treasurer and Receiver Ge- ton, whole Property in the said Fields, confilis of neriil, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Re- Half an Acve only, wl¥> refilled to sign the Bill; tenues, in the Kingdom of Irelands and to qualify and that the whole of the said Fields, intended to be thein.solves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices. inclosed, confilis of 950 Acres i and that the Com-

Vot.. 30. mittee i

4

649 i.8# Martil

mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

, fed r The House was moved, that the Petition of Henri) Davidson, Agent for the Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, upon account of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to the said Earl of Breadalbane, to exhibit a Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition of Henry Davidson.

- Then a Petition of John Earl of , being

offered to be presented to the House 3 ? Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives HisConfent, that the House may do therein as they ftaU think proper; and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 3 Betting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the 25th of his late Majesty’s Reign, for annexing certain forfeited Estates to the Crown, unalienably, the Lands and Estates, which belonged to John Drummond, taking on himself the Style or Title of Lord Johu Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth, and the Lands-and Estates of

Bobertion, of Strmaan, were annexed to the Imperial Crown of these Realms, for certain Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and that the Lands of Part of

the said annexed Estate of of the Yearly Rent

2f jf* 77- 5J. xo^d. lie detached by themselves, at the

Distance of Fifteen Xliles from the Body of the Estate of Strowam, and are bloated in the Bosom of the Petitioner’s Estate, within a Mile of the principal

Residence of his Family, whereby he is prevented from extending his Improvements bn that Quarter; and that the Lands of Lix, Part of the annexed Estate of Perth, of the Yearly Rent of £.27. 13 s. 43/. and the fmaH Farm of Inner ardor an, like wife Part of the same annexed Estate of Perth, of the Yearly Rent of £. 1 o. 3 \r. 40?. both lie in the Middle of other Parts of the Petitioner’s Eftqte; and that these Three Parcels of Crown Lands, all lying in the County of Perth, are not only detached from every Part of the annexed Estates, but separated at a confide raWe Distance from them, and from each other, as such, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, or of answering the Purposes of the said Annexation Act; and Part of the Inhabitants of these Lands of Fernan cannot fobfift'without being furnished with Grass by the Petitioner’s adjacent Farms; and that the Petitioner is Proprietor of certain Parts of the Estate of Pitkeliany, in the Parish of District

of Strathern, and County of Perth, of greater Value than the Three Parcels of annexed Lands above described, lying not only adjacent to, but alraoft quite surrounded by th e Perth Estate, scarce a Mile from Drummond Ca/Ue,which are of large Extent, capable of great. Improvement; at a moderate Expence, and raoft commodiously. situated for being annexed to that Part of the Perth Estate, where the Commissioners

}< %t,

have lately formed a Village for disbanded Soldiers; and that these Lands of Pitkeliany are so intermixed with the Perth Estate, that Disputes have frequently arisen, and do still subsist, concerning their respectivo Boundaries; and the late Proprietor of the Perth Estate was so sensible of the Inconveniency, that he entered into a Treaty for the Exchange of some of his Lands for those of Pitkeliany, but the Bargain was not completed when the Rebellion broke out, and these Disputes may Hill be attended with much Trouble and Expence; that, to prevent these Inconveniences, as well as for the Improvement of the annexed Estates, it would be of great Benefit to His Majesty, and to these Estates1, as well as to the Petitioner, that the said Lands of Fernan, Lix, and Innerardoran, were exchanged for fuel 1 Parts of the Estates of Pitkeliany, as lie most convenient and contiguous to the said annexed Estate of Perth, allowing Value for Value; but as this Exchange, so beneficial to all Parties, cannot be completed without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the said Lands of Fernan, Lit, and Innerardo-ran, for fudlt Parts of the Petitioner’s Estate of Pifkcl-lany, of equal Value, as lie contiguous to, and most convenient for, the annexed Estate of Perth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, Manur Wi’denFerry fasturers, of the Town of Derby, in the County of on the 1 rtnt Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Was [ire- Mersey Riv«r fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Cual. the Petitioners are informed an Application is intended to be made to this House, for a Bill for a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey; ami that the Petitioners apprehend the making and maintaining the said Navigation will be of Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Public: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. ’

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

' ' (

A Petition of several Gentlemen j Merchants, Marm* Duke of fastturers, Tradesmen, and' others, living in or near ^dgew^ter» to the great Trading Towns of in the avi*a on*

County of Lancaster, Middlewich, Cmtgleton and Stockport, in the County of Chester, and other Towns and Places in the said Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending, to enable the Duke of Bridgewater, to extend his present

Canal from Sale Moor, in the said County of to

the Market Town of Stockport aforesaid; and that a Bill is likewise depending, to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from WildenFerry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey; and that a third Bill is also depending, to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Bridge, near Northivich, to Knutsfand Molt ram

Andrew; and from thence to Mac; and from Mot tram Andrew aforesaid, to Stockport and

and that the Canal already made by the said Duke hath been proved, by Experience, to be of great Public Utility,-and to I. the best Mode of Na\igation in lifts Kingdom; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if such Canal shall be completed upon the same Principles, and Power shall be given, by Parliament to extend the feme from Sale Moor, to Stockport aforesaid and likewise to make such Canal from Wilden Ferry to the River Mersey, and to communicate the same with the Navigation already made, and authorized to be

made.

Rochdale

to

Halifax

Road.

Bceford

Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. i8° Martii.

*tnade, l>y the said Duke, a more sese, easy, expeditious, and Ms expensive Method, will be effected for conveying Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Provisions, nd Commodities, to and from the great Trading Towns of Liverpool/Manchester, Middleicich,

tvich, and Stockport, and the l'everal Parts and Places lying contiguous, and in the Neighbourhoods thereof, than can be obtained by the Cut, or Canal, proposed to be made from Wilton Bridge, to Knutsford, Macclesfield, Stockport, and Manchester aforesaid; and ’that the making such last mentioned Cut, or Canal, may be the Means of discouraging, or preventing, the Execution of the other Navigations, and thereby of depriving the Public of the great Advantages that would relult therefrom; and that, if a Navigation should he deemed necessary to be made from o Man-

chef er, and to Northwkh and Liverpcot, a much more convenient and beneficial Navigation maybe made, than is now proposed by the said Bill: And therefore

fraying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their ounfcl, against the said Bill for making such Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Witton Bridge aforesaid, to Knutsfard, Mottram, Macclesfield, Stockport, and Maru differ, aforesaid; or may haw such other Relief, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered,'Oiat the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Witton Bto Nether by or near Mottram Andrew, and from thence to Mac-

clesfield, and from or near Mottram aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of CInfer, and from thence to Manchester,

in the County of iMncafer, is committed, and that the

Petitioners tie then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the find Petition.

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments^ he ingross'ed.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the WayJ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mean*, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,; the Refutation . which the Committee had directed him to report to the Honjfe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foljoweth; viz.

RjtfoFed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty* the Sum of One Million Eight Hundred thousand Pounds, be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the Fifth Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in stich Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Refohuion being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Refutation: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr hend, junior, Mr. Onfozo, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, and Mr. Coope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply;

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-; Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Majesty,. the Refutations which the Committee had from Rochdale, in the County Palatine o (Laneafer, to directed him to report to the House; which he read the Towns of Halifax and Ealand ,in the County of in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s York, was road a Second Time. Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George loweth;

Cavendish, Mr. Beetle, Mr. Shi finer. Sir Anthony Abdy, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gajioyne, Sir That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven tarn-Charles Bitnhuni, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Ed- dred and Eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven

monfone, Mr. Deni/yUr, Mr. Townfitend, Sir Charles Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty,

Monlaunt, Sir A lei tinder Gilmour, Mr. Cholm ley, Mr. to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum issued Kynafon, Mr. 11 arbord, Mr. Onjloic, Lord Grey, Mr. thereout, to discharge, from the 29th Day of September Hunt, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Sandys, 1765, to the 25th Day of December following, the

Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Rafileigh, Annuities attending such Part of the Joint Stock,

Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Dslaval, Mr. established by an Act made in the Third Year of the Whitworth, Mr. Parker sand all the Members who Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of several Navy,

fer ve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Durham, North- Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debeu-

umberland, Cumberlttnd, Wef moreland, Chef er, mndDerby: tures, as was redeemed in pursuance of an Act made in And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the the last Session of Parliament.

Clock, in the Speaker’s Clamber. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon ac-

♦ the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- count, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloth-mon Fields, Meadows, Failures, Common and Watte tag of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Grounds, within the Township of Beef or d, otherwise Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred ami Sixty-Beeforth, in the County of York, was committed. That fix. the Committee had examined the Allegations of the The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Parties concerned bad given their Content, to the Bill, agreed to by the House. to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Margaret Leng, who is possessed of about 15 Acres of Land Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Militia

in the said Fields, and who refused tosign the Bill; and applying the Money granted in this Session of Parlia- citahbg. that the Lands intended to be inclpfed consist of 3,000 ment, for defraying the Clnirge of the Pay and Cloth-Acres and upwards; and that the Committee had gone ing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- Englan, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of unto, which they had directed him to report to the March 1766: And that Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Vol. 30. 8 II Beckford,

670 i8* — 190

Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Sir George Savile, Lord Grey, and Sir Charles Bunbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BUgrave’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Itbtes. feu- veiling several Copyhold Estates of Ann Blagrave, Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Copyhold Estates Hand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties granted

CUd"S upon Cyder and Perry, by an Act made in the Third 7 CT> c* Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting certain Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry, imposed by several former Acts, was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pafsj

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Ihe Yeas, } MS-

TellersforrheN} 48.

So it was resolved in the Aflirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry, by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting certain Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry, imposed by several former Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martit. A. 17

is great Reason to apprehend^ that the Silk Manufacture will fall to Decay and Ruin, which has been brought to great Perfection, and given Employment to many Thousands of His Majesty’s faithful Subjects, who will be reduced to great Eiistress, or driven abroad to seek Employment, to the great Detriment of the Public, and Loss of the Revenue: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to M r. Cooke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Butler, Mr. Prefect, Mr. Mr.

Buller, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tozcnjhend, Mr M

worth, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rice, Mr. Onslow, M r

Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Ni.r.Gilbert, Mr Mr. Bar-

row, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, M r. Montagu, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. iMfcelles, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bootle, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Parker, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Drake, Mr. Morant, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Harbord, Mr. ris, Sir Richard Philipps, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Nicholson Culvert, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Ridley, Lord Strange, Sir Robert

broke; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Anstruther Ordered, That Robert Alexander, Esquire, have Leave

Writ. to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Burghs of Anfruther Easter, Anfruther Weser, Kilrenvy, and Pilten-

weem.

American Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Colonies, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Sixth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 44th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confuler further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary upon the

14th, 22(1, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 ill Days of February last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command; and were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for making valid in Law all Writings, logrollings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed^or printed, in America, upon Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, not stamped according to Law, under proper Restrictions.

Silk A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Manufacture. Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and My fiery of W eav-ers, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Silk Manufacture labours under great Discouragements, from the Use and Wear of French and other foreign wrought Silks and Velvets imported into this Kingdom; and that, by reason of this Discouragement, great Numbers of Weavers in the Silk Manufacture have been, and still are, out of Employ; and unless some speedy and efl’eftual Relief be obtained, the Mailers will be under a Necessity of discharging many more; and that there 22

Mercuriiy 19* die Mart it;

Anno 6° Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

MR. Sandys presented to the House, according to Rk Order, a Bill for the Relief and Employment of (s the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, within the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey-, and for (hutting up a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kero, to Richmond Green, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kew Bridge to Richmond-, and for removing

and preventing all Obstructions and Encroachments in the Streets, and other Places, within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, 1 to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ‘ and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in Hedges, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Cor.sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Ouce

6 Geo. III.

Newcastle under Line Road.

190 Mar tit, 671

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, an Act was passed for amending Two Acts, One of the Second and the other of the Seventeenth Years of his said Majesty, for repairing, amongst other Roads therein described, the Road from the End of the County of in the

Poll Road towards CInfer, to the City of; and that there is now due, and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, a considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, during the subsisting Terms in the said Acts; and that the Tolls collected upon the Road, from the End of the said County of Stafford, to, the City of Chester, are not sufficient to amend, and keep in Repair, the said Road, and discharge the said Debt; and that the said Act is in many Respects defective, and requires to be explained and amended; and that the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending in the House, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Floodgates, upon the Mill Dam, in or near the Town of Nnvcajllc under Line, in the County of to

the Turnpike Road leading from to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester: And therefore praying. That Provision may he made in the said Bill, for enlarging the Terms and Powers, and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of the said recited Acts, as relates to the said Road from the End of the County of to the said City of Chester.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Clayton, Lord Brorvnlow Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r. Pitt, Mr. KynoMr. Gray, Sin Francis

Vincent, 'Slr.lwng, Mr. Grey,

Mr. Vane, Lord Grey, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Cholmley , Sir George Savile, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr. Ofbaldeston, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Clive, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Low tides, Mr. Bertie, Sir Yonge, Mr. Rq/h/rigli, Mr. Aufrere, Sir John Sebright,

Mr. Lynch, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Fonereau Mr.

Mr. Norris, Sir Anthony Abdy, Lord Strange, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Lord

fort, Mr. White-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Salop, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the said Act more effeclnal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rej'uhed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Shuttles lorthreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor or Common within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Five Persons, who arepossessed of Two Messuages, and about 19 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Lands to be inclosed are about 195 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Marston, in the County of the City of York, was recommitted, t hat the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Croft, or Market Place, in the Town of Winborn Minster, to the Cross, or Market Place, in the

Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Ref dyed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross, or Market Place, in the Town of Winborn Minfer, to the Cross, or Market Place, in the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wendover Mr. Lowndes presented to the House, according to to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Buc^hatn granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover, to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Welt End of the said Town of

dover, to the End of a Lane, called Oak Lane, next the Great Road, called Oxford Road, lying

between the Town of Bacons, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of and that Part of the said Great Road which leads from the M elt End of the said Town of Be to the

River Colne, near Uxbridge aforesaid; and for making Vot. 30.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Owners and Occupiers of Land, and Inhabitants, of the several Towns, Parishes, Villages, and Hamlets, of Clift, Tinkleton, Piddle town, Athelhampfion, Burlefon, -Piddle, Southover, Affpiddl",

Throop, and Turnerfpiddle, in the County ofDor/et, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners fee, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition has been lately presented for a Bill for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading to and from Wareham, in the said County, through Woodbridge, to Fordington, in the County of Dojfet, and several other Roads mentioned, in the said Petition; and that the Petitioners, and others,

have

Naburn

Inclosurt.

Marston ] ncloture.

Winbori

Minster

to

Bland ford

Road.

Wareham

Roads.

672 190 Martii. A, 17

have frequent Occasion to travel, from their Habitations, the Road leading from Pidand the other Places

above mentioned, to Warehamand thou, gh the said Road

is very ruinous, no Notice is taken of it; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if any Bill pafl'es agreeable to the said Petition, that a Gate may be erected at the Entrance of the West End of the said Town of where the Petitioners will be obliged to pay a'l’oll forgoing into the Town of Wareham, and therefore hope that no Toll Gate will be so placed as to afttft Persons travelling the iload, leading from the Town of Wareham, to the several Places above-mentioned, unless such Road be included in the Bill, so far as to a certain Place called Clouds Hill, in the said Parish of . piddle; and that any Monies, to be borrowed on the Security of the Polls, may be laid out alike on the several Roads leading from the said Town of;

and that the Money afterwards collected at each Gate, after paying the interest and other necessary Outgoings, may be appropriated to the several Roads, leading immediately from fitch Gate, Mile for Mile, in Proportion to their Extent; or such other Relief as to the House shall foem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bourn The House being informed, that the Bill for allot-Inclosure. ting, dividing, inclosting, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, which upon Monday last, was read tile Firit Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, is not properly prepared;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Bath Sir John Sebright reported from the Committee, to

Streets, whom the BjH to remove and regulate the public Markets in ti»e City of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Portages, within the said City, and the Liberties, mid Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Way? within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Pafl’ages there; to remove all Xuifancfs and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precious, with Water; was committed;That the Committee hod examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fomid the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Brad The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of nop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Ix>rd Vane, who hath an Estate in the said Parish of about {.7 a Year, which is entitled to a Right of Common, who refused to lignthe Bill; and except Two Persons, who have Two small Tenements in the said Parish, and one other Person, who is possessed of about One Quarter of an Acre of Land, who refused

‘7

to sign the Bill, but that Two of them said they were willing the said Commons should be inelofed; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed cotififtof about 7,000 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qneliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Francis Vincent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made St( in the Jail Session of Parliament, intituled, An ACi for the more effectual Preservation of l ilii, in Full Pond? and other Waters, and Conies iu Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County o \ Lincoln, by live breeding Conies therein; so far

as it relates totlu:taking and destroying offiih in Rivers:

And the same was received; and read the Fill! Time. Rcffilved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address of Monday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Repre- Al imitation therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty; had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

' Mr. Sandyspresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Glovesand Mitfr, in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First. Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Sup Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Lows or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An ACi for enabling Robert Brice, Esquire, and his Heirs, to hike i and use the Name, and bear-the Arms, of KingefmiU; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And theu the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Culjoms, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Piemento, Cotton, A Rum, Dying and other Woods, and Drugs of all Kinds 1 imported from His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the Year 1757 to the Year 1764; and like-wife the Quantities of the said Commodities exported from England; distinguishing each Year.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred auionglt the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- 1

der, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have incurred

of

6 Geo. III.

19° — -20° Martii.

673

CultK atton ot

Tree*, &c.

Army; Mut':n\ and Desertion.

or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon undamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America-, and for making good and valid all W ritings, logrollings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon undamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been or shall be null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Cultivation, apd for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. Fuller, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Marft*n Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within Inclosure. the Manor of Marston, in the County of the City of York, was read t he Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Marston, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Saunders do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Grimoldby Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- Inclosure. monable Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldby, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Accevmt; l.anfl in Tobago, &c.

Amercan

Colonic*.

1&

Li

1:

Private

Bufiref*.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of cleared and uncleared LiU'.ds, distinguishing the one from the other, and also of the Number of Town Loss, which have been fold in each of the Islands of Tobago, St. Vincent, and Dominica, with the Sums of Money for which they have been re-fpcCtively fold.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary way, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 3 ill Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of Frbntarvhii, and upon the 3d Day of this instant March, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, iQlh, and 2iti Days of February last, by His Mar jesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766.

Pb AYERS.

f\RDER ED, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Bufinefc, after Two of the Clock.

Lubnam

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cooke, Lord Grey, Mr.

Sir John Sebright, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Heivett, Mr.

Keck, Mr. Darker, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. WiMr. Mr. Staunton, Mr. Fitzherbert, S\v John Griffn, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. l*)ng-, and all the Member? who serve for the Counties of leicester, Northampton, Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Hinton and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying in the Hedge# within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the Inclosure. County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Brown low Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said ren: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bickar

inclosure.

) l, Idof'fe The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Mr. presented to the House, according to shre«-ft>ury

nc o ure. journed Consideration of the Report, which was made Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and inclosure. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing enlarging, the Stone Bridge, leading into the Town of and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and for rendering the Passages leading

within the Manor of Bradnof), in the Parish of Leek, in thereto more commodious, and for removing Obstruc-the County of Stafford, was committed. tions to the Passage for Water, under the said Bridge;

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, allow- and for erecting a Temporary Bridge: And the same ing Lessees to give up their Leases. was received; and read the First Time.

n-/ And the said Clause was Twice read, with: Blanks; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I:- Vw, 30. 8 1 Ordered,

tf

20° Martil A. 1766.

SutrhofPt Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave do make the Report (and other*) from the Committee, to wlwrni the Bill for naturalizing GodhardSutthoff and John Peter Cornud, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Bail inch, was

referred.

Sir Thomas Cave accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the said Petition; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Hartley Ordered, That the Bill for repairing and widening the

Andover from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of

Road; //wr/fry, in the County of , through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Neiobury, in the County of Berks, be read a Second Time, upon this Day Three Weeks.

thereof is ruinous, and cannot be repaired by 1 he ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provifton may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall (Vein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be relerrcd to the Considerat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Sir George Savile, Mr. Shi filler, Mr. Patcrjo n, Lord Frozen h ie Bertie, Mr.

Ilujke, Mr. Filzherbert, Mr. M r. Long, Mr.

Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Tofncll. Sir George Mr. Fva let, Sir f Villi a m Cod ring ton, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Lord Villiers, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr. Hhicheat,

Mr. Walsingham, Mr. Sergijim, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Whit-

Shed, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tmvn/hend Lord Coleraine, Lord

Catherlough, Mr. Curzon, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. H ard, Sir George A r mil age; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, ll ilts, Devon,

Cornwall, ami Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto.

Warehim

Road*.

APetition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Winchtfcr, in the County of Southampton,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, an Act passed for making a Turnpike Road from the North Gate of the said City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, to Newtown River, on the Road towards Nezvbury, and that considerableSums of Money have been lent on the Credit of the Tolls, and expended towards repairingtliesaid Road; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the Roads from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hurjley to Andover, and from thencejtbrough Hurjbom Tarrant, and Stoke, in the said County of Southampton, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would not only occasion a considerab e, or total Loss of the Money borrowed and expended on the said Road, from Winchester to Newtown River, but will prejudice the Public, and the Inhabitants of the said City of1 Winchester in particular: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, again!! the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish oiHurJler/, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in and near the Borough of in

the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing several Roads leading into the said Borough; and representing to the Heuse, that the Road from the Town, or Village, of Swamvich, through the Tv thing, or Hamlet, of Ul-well, to the l of of Nine Bar Dawn, at the Fall End 20

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according stnttoi to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping Reads, in Repair, several Roads leading to the Town of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hatkei

Indoil

Mr. Huflic reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclbfing the Open and Common Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the Old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of Hatherop, in the County of Gloucester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plade; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fitxherhert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Tufnell presented to the House, according to geY( Order, a Bill for veiling certain Estates in the County Min of Lincoln, in Trustees, and to enable them to apprq-priate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trusts declared by the Will of Sir Michael Warton, Knight, deceased, for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John, in in t he

County of York, and for erecting an Organ in the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Tim4.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the L6rds, intituled, An Act Bri<

for N.»i

D

Smal

6 Geo. III. 20 0 Marti675

(or enablin'; Robert Brice, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and 11 Cc the Name, and bear the Anns, mill, was read the Firil Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ba'h Sir John Sebright reported from the Committee, to Small Debts, whom the Bill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several ( Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

lewd lev The Lord Grey reported from the Committee,. to

Canal. whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, of the 1 own of Wolverhampton, in the County of and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and all’o the Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Aldermen, and Corporation, Merchants, Traders, He.

of Haifa!!, in the County of also in

the Countyaforesaid, whose Names are thereunto fub for 1 bed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Baililf, Indices, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Trades-meu of the Town of Dud, in the County and Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the BailifTs, Justices, Aldermen, Capital Burgefl’es, Merchants, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Tradesmen, of the Borough o in

the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That theComniittee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; mid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. James Brindict/, being examined, said, That a navigable

(.'anal may be made from or near on the

River Sacra, through Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Autherley, near Wolverhampton, and from thence down the River Pev/c, to join, at or near Shut borough ,in the County of Stafford, the intended navigable Cut, or Canal, from Wilden Ferry, to the MerJ'exj-, which will be of great Benefit

to the Country in general, by reducing the Price of Carriage Three Parts in Four at leati.

Mr. James Perry, being examined, said, That the making such Canal will be attended with great Advantages to the several Iron Manufactories, and be of -great Benefit to the several Coal and Lime Works, by reducing the Price of Carriage; — that the Price of Carriage at present is Eight Shillings per Ton for Ten ’ Miles, and the Price upon the intended Canal will be about One Shilling and Nine Pence.

That a great Majority of the Owners of Lands; through which the Canal is to go, have already consented; and that the making such Canal will be of great Utility to the Country, and the Public in general.

Mr. John Baker, being examined, confirmed Mr. Perry’s Evidence, and added, That, by Means of this VoL. 30.

Canal, a Communication will be opened between the Ports of Bristol, Hull, and Liverpool, and to the Town of Manchester; — and both the Witnesses said, That the said Canal will be of great Advantage to the Iron Works upon the River Slowr, as they will get their Materials at a cheaper Rate, and that the Water will not be decreased, but, on the contrary, they will have an Addition of Water to their Works.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make and maintain a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near Beiodley, in the County of Worcester, through Kidderminster, to Autherley, and from thence to or near Shutborough, in the County of Stafford:

And that the Lord Grey, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Edward Winnington, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Gen- Soar River tlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Navigation, and others, Inhabitants of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others; which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Cave, "Mr. Lowndes,

Lord Grey, Sir RogerNewdigate, Mr Mr. Arm-

Jlead Parker, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Dyson,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Darker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. 2?arrow. Lord George Sackville, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Henry Bridge-man, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cooper, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Thomas De Grey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Foimereau, Mr. Sir

John Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Totcnjhend, Mr. Ward,

Sir Charles Hardy, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Vanfitlart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Lincoln, Nottingham, Stafford, Chester, Warwick, Northampton, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the Cultivation better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, <|Tees was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Paterson, Mr. Gray, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Lafcclles, Lord Strange, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Barrow, Lord Burgherjh, Mr

Sir George Yonge, Mr. Whately, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Sir George Savile, Mr. Montagu, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Sir Charles Mr.

flow, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Shifner, Sir William

Codring ton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brand,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Foley, Mr.

BurreU, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Seymour, Colonel Hotham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Hertford, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the M G]?!? Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts, *nu in this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve

676

20° Mar lit.

A. 17

Sup^y Bill 5

Victi^ucrBilU.

Bowes

Inclosure.

resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by I.oans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 176b, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refulvcd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refulved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. I.afcelles presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Wafie T^and, within the Manor of in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

it is referred to eonfider further.of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Corncay, uf>on the 14th, 22<1, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January lull, and the 5th, icth, 17 th, and 2.4 ft Days of February lull, and upon the 3d Day of this inti ant March; and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Hursley

to

Andover

hoad.

A Petition of the Mayor and Freeholders of the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the 1 Ioufe, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Road leading from the North Gate of the City of -chester, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to New-toum River, at the Extremity of the County of -ampton, on the Road towards in the County of Berks, is directed to be repaired; and several of the Petitioners have, from Time to Time, lent considerable Sums of Money towards repairing the said Road, and

freat Progress hath been made therein; and that the 'etitioners observeby the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing and widening the Roads, from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hurjley to Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks; which Bill, if passed into a Law, will be a Means of making a new Turnpike Road, almost parallel with the present, from Neicbury to Southampton-, and by dividing the Tolls, the Petitioners apprehend, will render the Securities for Money lent on the Road from Winchester to Newtown deficient, and will be

very injurious to the Petitioners and the Public: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurjley, in the County of Soutliam/don, through the Borough of

Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of bury, in the County of Berks, be read a Second Time.

Pr. 1. 1.

6.

3-

*4-

2,

3-

28.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, 1 That the House do now proceed to take into Conlidc- 1 ration, the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Wade, or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Up/rer Iieicorth, and Nether Heicorth, in the County of Durham;

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, lMr- c 68.

’)Mr. w/wi: S

Tellers for the Noes *Sir ChMordaunt, 1 tellers for me l\oes,iMr Calvert. ] a9'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

After " County,*’ insert " Palatine." After " County," insert " Palatine." After " County," insert Palatine." After " County," insert " Palatine." After " thereof," insert " so as such " Public Highways be of the Breadth " of 60 Feet at least, between, and exclusive of the Ditches and Fences." After " County," insert " Palatine." In the Title of the Bill, after " County," insert " Palatine."

The Four first of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 6. 1. 28. being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding these Words, " and which Highways and " Roads shall be entirely made, repaired, and kept in " Repair by the Owners or Occupiers only of such " Allotments."

And the said proposed Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 Ioufe.

Then the Question being put, That the House doth agree to the said Amendment, so amended;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tenersfor theNoeS,!M-C»Zy,^,

22. 20.

} 57-} 5®-

American A Petition of the Representatives of the Freemen of Coloniei. the Province of Pensylvania, in General Assembly met, was presented to the House, and read; Representing to the House, several Inconveniences and Grievances, which, the Petitioners allege, have arisen, and are likely to increase, from the Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, prohibiting the further Emissions of Bills 01 Credit, from being lawful Tender in the Colonies: And praying the House, to take the Subject of their Aggrievauces into Consideration, and grant that Relief, which mull arise from a Repeal of the said Statute, and the Liberty thereby afforded the Le-gillatures of that Province of emitting Bills of Credit as lawful Tender, in all that Colony Debts from Time to Time, as the Purposes of Commerce, the Settlement of the Colony, and the Necessities of the Government, Ale, as were granted -to His Majesty by an Act of Par shall reasonably require. liament passed in the ill Year of His present Majesty*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Reign, from the 24th Day of January 17b 1 to the 24b sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom Day of 1766; distinguiilung each Year;

A Motioi

(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Amendments being severally read aSecond Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to One of them, to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Monies which have arisen by such Duties upon Strong Beer ah«

Private

Business.

Bristol

Streets.

Carlton

and

Kmberly

Inclosure.

PsfTa^'et to the Bank of England.

6 Geo. III.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 21° Martii \

Anno 6° Georgii III1" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

TII E House being moved, in pursuance of the Order made Yesterday, That Leave be given to ntove the House, this i*y, that any private Business might be entered upon, in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

A Bill for widening several Streets, LanCs, Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and Liberties thereof; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Smith, Sir Edward Winning toil, Mr Cooke, Mr.

Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Forrefer, Mr. Mills, Mr. Crave, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Boone,

Sir George Warren, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Houblon, Lord North, Mr. Calvert, Mr,

Hunt, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajcoyne, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ward,- Mr. Offley, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Wood, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Edmnnstone, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ileioett, Mr. Willough-

by, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sargent, Mr. De Grey, Mr.

Air. Cornewall, Sir Thomas CaMr.Alderman

Mr. Prejiot, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Mr.

Rushout, Mr. Upton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, JVilts, DorJ'el, Devon,

and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kimberly, in the County of Norfolk: And the Came was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

677

Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Persons living in or near the Wareham Town of Wareham, and others tiling the Roads leading ^ouJs*

thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing several Roads leading into the said Town; and that the Road leading from the said Town, through the several Parishes, Hamlets,

Tythings, and Villages of Sain( MaVtin, Morden, gerhill, Cold Harbour, Hyde, Blo.noorlh ,anA Bere, to the Fall End of the Town or Village of Bere, is ruinous, and cannot be repairedby the Laws in being; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall teem meet.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Gen- jyltt0j tlemen. Clergy, Freeholders, Owners and Occupiers of Land, and Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes,

Villages, and Hamlets, o f'Clift, Tinklelon,

Athelhampston, Burleston, Toll Piddle,

Pallington, Briantfpiddle, Throop, and Turnerfpiddle, in the County of Dorset, whose Namesare thereunto subseri-

bed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; which was presented to the House upon Wed last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read acconlingly;

The said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in and near the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, is referred: And they are to examine the-Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they

" shall appear to them, to the House.

.Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord- Allhallow* ing to Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Act on the Wall palfed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Clhiirch Parish Church of Allhallows on the in the City of ' 011 oa’' London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the R editor of the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Pafi sages to and from the said Church and House more commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savilepresented to the House, according to pattr;ng, on

Order, a Bill for. dividing and inclosing certain Open indofure. Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pattrington, in HolderneJ's, in the East Riding of the County of York: Aftd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read#a Second Time.

20° — 2i° MartiL

A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Sir George Savile presented to the House, according p^on Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open indofure. Ground contiguous and near to the Bank, and for Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds in the Township making certain Avenues leading thereto more commo- of Prefon, in HolderneJ's, in the East Riding of the dious, was read a Second Time. County of YorkAnd the same was received; and read

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton, the First Time. v

Lord Coleraine, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gil- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

bert, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Glynne, Mr.

Sullivan, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Lord North, Mr. A Petition of the Nursery Men and Gardeners, whose Cultivation Bullock\Mr. JackJ'on, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ewer, Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, of

Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Upton, Mr. Mills, Mr. P lumer, Mr. and the rest of the Nursery Men and Gardeners of Great Trees, &c.

Montagu, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Luttrell, Sir Charles Mor- Britain, was presented to the House and read; Setting daunt, Mr. Brand, Sir Robert Long, Lord Strange, Mr. forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the Ridley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Jennings, Sir George Savile, House, that a Bill is depending for encouraging the Cul-

Sir Robert Lailbroke, Sir William Baker, Mr. Fonereau, tivation, and for the better Preservation, of Trees,

Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Whichcot, Colonel Barre, Plants, and Shrubs; and that the Petitioners have, for

Mr. Pitt, Lord Grey, Mr. Wynn-, and all the Members many Years past, been employed in the Cultivation of

who serve for the City of London, the Counties of Mid- Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, many of which are imported

dlesex, Hertford, Essex,o.nA Surrey-, and all the Merchants from different Quarters of the World, and, after the

of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Cultivation thereof, exported to foreign Countries; and Vol. 30. 8 K that

678 2i° . A. 1766.

that the said Cultivation not only produces Considerable serving, by the Votes of the House, that a Petition hath Profit to the Petitioners, but affords Employment for been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for repair-many thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects; and that the ing a Road, among others, from High Bridges aforesaid Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, especially those of so- said, to Utto.refer, in the County of Stafford, by Means reign Extraction, are of great Value, which subjects the whereof the Revenue of the said Road between Lite/.i-Petitioners to immense Lottes, many evil disposed Per- and High Bridges may probably be somewhat in-fons having, of late, not only wilfully and nialiciously creased; and that the Petitioners arc therefore consent-plucked up, cut, and destroyed, many of the most valu- ing and defiroUs, provided they be. put to no Expence able Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, growing in the said Nur- about passing the said Bill into a Law, and that no series and Plantations, but have likewise carried awaygreat Gate, or Turnpike, be erected on the said Road, be-Numbers of them, and, as the Petitioners apprehend, tween High Bridges and Abbot Is Bromley, thataClause fold and disposed thereof for great Gain: And there- may be inserted, in the said Bill, to inapower the said fore praying, That the said Bill maypafs into a Law, Trullees, belonging to the said Road, between and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, in field and High Bridges, to borrow Two hundred and Support of the said Bill, if the House itiall think fit. Fifty Pounds, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Road, Within Twelve Months after the Act shall pal’s, Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. subject nevertheless, in the first place, to the Payment

of Three hundred Pounds now due, and the Interest, Whitechapel A Bill to render more etteftual an Act made in the from Time to Time, arising thereupon, and to pay the Poor. Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for main- said Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, into the Hands of tabling, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the the Trustees of the said Road, between High Bridges Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of and in order by them to be applied towards

Middtefer, was read a Second Time. repairing the said Road, and building Bridges over the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. CooTce, River in or near the said Road, inluch Manner

Sir jairit Smith, Sir William Beauchamp Prohor, Sir as to the House shall seem meet.

John Glynne, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Oaf-Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

C(n/rfe, Mr. Lort;wder, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sandys,'Mr.Slnffner, Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen-Lord Warkworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Staunton, Sir John ing the Road, from High Bridges, in the County of Hynde Cotton, Mr. Whkhcot, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cholm- Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Icy, Mr. Planter, Mr. Clive, Mr. Byde, Mr. Bagot, Bridge, and from Lane to Bridge,

Mr. John Pitt, Sir George Warren, Mr. Jackson, Lord in the said County is committed.

Strange, Mr. Seyniour, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonereau, Ge-

i\era\ A'Court, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to St. Montagu; and all the Membert wholerveforfheCoun- whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, and H ties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, Hertford, and Kent; and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants,

for the City of London: And they are to meet this After- of the Parishes of Saint Andrero, , above the

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. . Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of

Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Churchwarden ftigh A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, the several High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, Housekeepers, ancient Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, fcoad. and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's whose Names are thereunto fubforibed, paying Scot ami Lane, to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, was read Lot, in the Parishes of Saint Holboum, above

a Second Time. the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill Be committed to Lord Grey, Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and many others;

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Cholmon- were referred; That the Committee had heard the last deley. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr, Boone, Mr. Gascoyne, mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel; and had ex-Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Roger Newdigate, amined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had di- Mr. Clayton, Mr. Willoughby, Lord North, Lord Co- rested him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, mine, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Calvert, Colonel Barre, Mr. to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Edmdnftone, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Kynaston, S\rGeorgeSavile, afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Mr. Ward, Sir EdivardTurner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bertiethe same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Up- To prove the Allegations of the said first-mentioned ton, Mr. Forrcjler, Mr. Harris, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Petition, Mr. Samuel Tofer, oneof the Constables of the Whitworth, Mr. Shiftier, Lord rrhomond, Mr. Fenton, said Parishes, being examined, said, That he ha? been Mr. Adams, Mr. Fuller, General A’Court, Mr. Cooper, acquainted with the collecting of the Watch Rate for Sir Edicard Winnihgton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Tmcnfforty Years, during which Time lie does not remem-hend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties her of any Compulsion for the Inhabitants to pay that of Stafford, t)erby, Chester, I^icefier, Wartoick, And York: Rate; and that he has known Inllances of People re-

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the ’fusing to pay, knowing the re was no Law to compelthem. Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. Richard Bellamy, being examined, said, That he

has been an Inhabitant Holboum, above

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in the Twenty-four Years , and has served the Office execution an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of Headborough and Constable; and confirmed the fore-of his late Majesty, for making more etteftual Two going Evidence.

Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Coles- John Reynardson, Esquire, being examined, said, That

hill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of the Streets in the said Parishes are in general very dirty; Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from and that the Laws in being for regulating the Poor, rhence to the City of Chester; and for enlarging the and cleansing the Streets, are in many respects defective. Ternls and Powers of the said several Acts, lb far as Mr. Samuel Clay, being examined, said, That the I11-they relate to the Road, from the City of Litchfield, habitants are not obliged to hang out Lights after through Teicnall'sLane, to High Bridges;was presented Twelve o’Clock at Night, and that he has known fe-

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the veral Robberries committed after* that Time; and that said Act, it is directed that the Toll to be collected it would tend to the Safety and Advantage of the Inha-upon the said Road between Ulchfieldand High Bridges, bitants, if the said Streets were properly lighted and shall be applied towards the Repair of the Roads lying watched.

within that District only; and that the Petitioners ob- Mr. Thomas Wade, Deputy Vestry Clerk, being ex-18 amined,

6 Geo. III. 21 °Mar679

amined, said, That the Poor within the said Parities are very numerous, and that the Poor’s Rate is in-ereased, within these few Years, Two Pence in the Pound.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Clay was again examined, and said, That he does not think the present Method of punishing the 'Watchmen for Neglect of Duty sufficient; that he knows of no Law in force for regulating and governing the Nightly Watch there; and that, the Rate at present is voluntary.

Mr. Girdler, being examined, said, That he thinks the said Parishesare sufficiently lighted at present, from Lady Day to Michaelm; but would no doubt be for the Advantage of the Inhabitants, if obliged to light all the Year, and to burn all Night.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleanGng, lighting, and watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and so much of the Parish of Saint Andrews,

Ilolboum, in the County of as is above the

Bars: And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. and Mr. dp

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

nor and Parish of Bourn, in the county of : And

the same was received; and read the First. Time.

Rejulved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Bunetby

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing fe- inclosure. veral 0[>en and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship pr Liberty of Baructby upon the Woulds, in the County of Lincoln: Aud the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing the Open and Com* Beeford mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Wafie Indofuie. Grounds, within the Township of Beeford, otherwise Beeforth, in tire County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing the Open and Common Fields, Meadpws, Pastures, Common and Waste Ground, within the Townthjp of Beeford, otherwise Beeforth, in tire County of York.

Ordered, Tlrat Mr. Cholmleydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wednesbury, \ hill for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in IVto the further End 6f Darlaston Lane, next the Porkoay, and from thence, through Bilfion, to the further End of Gibbet Lane; and

several other Roads leading to and from in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bagot, Lord Strange, Lord Grey, Sir George Savile, Mr. Shiff-ner, Mr. Wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Difon, Mr.

Py, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Seymour, Lord North, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Rice, Mr.

Mellish, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Plumer, Lord Burgherfh, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Mills, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Adams, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lord Brownlow

Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Ifoublon, Mr. Calvert, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Eger Ion, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Befl, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Boone, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Penton, Sir John Hi/nde Colton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stoffard, Worcester, Warwick, and And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. The House was moved, that the Petition of fevera of the Trustees, at a Public Meeting held at Birmingham, the Sixth Day of March 1766, for putting in execution an Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to High Bullen and Great Bridge, to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilftoiv, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford, and to the further End of Brittle Lane, in the Counties of Wanoick, Stafford, and ccsler; which was presented to the House upon the nth I>uy of this instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the 'Fable; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consuleration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Bourn Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac-

*Bj&e.UrC’ cording to Order, a Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common ;Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Ma-Vol. 30.

Mr. Edmonjkme presented to the House, according to Glasgow Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Road*, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into th,e City of GlaJ'gow, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads, from Inch Bellie Bridge to Glasgow, apd from 1

Glasgow to Luggie Water, Cumbernauld, and Bridge; and for altering the Coprfe of tfye Iaft mentioned District of Road: And the fftme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rqad a Secppd Time.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Mer- D,tt0* chants and Traders of the Town of Ayr, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town of Irvine, and its Neighbourhood, subscribing; which were presented to the Floufe upon the ,4th of this ipflant March, and then orylqred tp lie upon tlye Table; plight be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moveyl, that the Petition of the Heritors, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Cumbernauld, thereunto subscribing; and also the Petition of Janies Robert on and A rch ibald Roberton, Esquires; which were presented to the Hotffe upon the 7th Day of this instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The Ilonfe was also moved, that the Petition of Archibald Sterling, Esquire, which was presented to tfye House, upon the 10th Day of this instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Tgble, might be again read.

And the ljame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such of the aforementioned Petitioners, who have prayed to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, be heard, by their Counsel, upon their said severalPeptions, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Cpunfcl be admitted to be.heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions, whereupon Count'd is to be heard

A Petition of John Baird, Esquire, and others, Heri- Din*

t.prs, in the Parishes of the Barony of Glasgow and Colder, in the County of Lanark, and Parish o( Kirkintilloch, in the County of Dumbarton, thereunto* subscrib-ipg, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great Progress has been made in repairing

the

Glasgow

Roads.

Ditto.

Brad nop Inclosure.

680 'll* Martii. Jl. 1766.

the Road from Glasgow, to Luggie Water, Cumber-would, and Redburne Bridge, where it lie* contiguous to the Petitioners Grounds, which are mostly inclosed; and that, if the Direction of the Road be carried on in the Manner petitioned for, it will not only cut and deft rov the Petitioners Inclosures, and other valuable Grounds, but also the greateli Part of the Road, which has been made at great Expence, will be useless and loft to the Public; and that the Road petitioned for pades over i'ome high Hills, and, at or near Banheath Cattle, crolfes a Valley of a considerable Length and Breadth, which in every Flood is covered with the Water of Luggie-, and that it will cost immense Sums for Bridges and Parapet Walls, to make a Turnpike Road through that Valley; and that the said Alteration is unnecessary and improper, and, in its Consequences, will prove hurtful and prejudicial to the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Merchants, Heritors, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Kirkintilloch, in the County of Dumbarton, thereunto subscribed, was also prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the high Road leading from Inchbelly Bridge, to the City of Glasgow, has been, for Time immemorial, the Post Road betwixt the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgozc and is the only convenient Road for marching of His Majesty’s Troops betwixt those two Cities; that the moil Part of the said Turnpike Road is already made, and in good Repair, excepting in the Neighbourhood of the City of Glasgow, where it is broke with the Carriages loaded with Dung and Stones, which pass the Bar free of Toll; and that, in case the Bill, as petitioned for, pass into a Law, not only the Road from Inchbelly Bridge, to Glasgozc, which has been made at great Expence, will be of little or no Use to the Public, but alfe the greatest Part of the Road, where the same is made, which leads from the Town of Cumbernauld, through the County of Dumbarton, to LuggieWater, and from thence through the County of Lanark, and joins the Post Road in the Neighbourhood of the City of Glasgow, will also be loft, and of no Use to the Public: And therefore praying, That the House may allow them to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by^their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Pet itions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bradnop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bi|l; viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 13. To leave out from " hall," to the End of 1. 15.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bradnop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from Wilton Bridge, to Nether Knutsford, by or near Mot tram Andrew, and from thence to Macclesfield, and from or ivar Matt nun a fore laid* to Stockport, in the County of C/eglcr, and from th nee to Manchester, in the County of Laneajier, was committed, be received upon Tut flay Morning next.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom An the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Hinted lnc Pastures, called Cow Clefe, West Moor % and Cloze dor, otherwise Cloivlhcr, within the Township o{ Arncliffe, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giv'en‘their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 173 Cattle Gates and Sheep Gates, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Cattle Gates and Sheep Gates cohfift of 920, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

c

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Mam

Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards- of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the .'laid County, for preventing Frauds in . certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laf-celks, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sibthorpe,

Mr. Fuller, Lord North, Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Wiljbn, Mr. Boone, Lord Strange, Mr. Seymour, Lord Dozcne, Mr. Sandyv, Mr. Hufke, Mr. Darker, Mr. Lewis, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Cholmley,

I ford Carysfort, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Calvert, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Luttrell, Colonel Howe, Mr. Sluffner, Mr. Kynaf ton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir John Ifynde Cotton, Mr.

Pturner, Mr. Tozcnftend, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Cafcdlt,

Mr. Plumtre, Mr. Dyjoti, Mr. Wood, Sir Charles llardy-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and West-moreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to-have Voices.

The House was moved, that the Petition of tlieTr*r principal Hosiers, and Manufacturers of Frame-work c: Knitting Goods, residing in the Town, of Nottingham, Man on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Trade; which was prefonted to the House upon the* 13th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committees And that they do examine

Geo. III. Martii. £8

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, a? it And the Question being put, That the Wo?ds " «r shall appear to them, to the House: by their Order, to," be inserted instead thereof;

And it is referred to Colonel Howe, Sir diaries Mor- It was resolved in the Affirmative.

daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Burgher,(h, Lord Carysfort, And the Question being put. That the Word " re-

Mr. Jennings, Lord Strange, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. - lating" stand Part of the Question; mer, Mr. Bond, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Alderman Beckford It passed in the Negative.

\lr.Sandys, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Ward, Mr. Calvert, Mr. And the Question being put. That the Words so

Whitworth, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Parker, Mr. far as the same relate" be "inserted instead thereof; Jlewett, Sir John Griffin, Sir George Savile, Mr. Wood, It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir John Delaval, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lut- And the Question being put. That the Words " to-

trell, Mr. Shi finer, Lord North, Mr. Dyj'on, Sir Charles gether with their Answer thereto," be added to the Hardy, Mr ..Forrester, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Question j

ler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Burton, Mr. It was resolved in the Affirmative.

West, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir John Gibbons, Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Mr. Mills, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Hunt; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- His Majesty, that He will be gracioufty pleased to give ties of Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln, and York: And Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, all Letters written by the Commissioners for Trade and in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Plantations, or by their Order, to any of His Majes-Persons, Papers, and Records.' ty’s Consuls abroad, since the last Session of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Silk Manu’fac-Stort River The House, according to Order, proceeded to take ture, together with their Answers thereto. ang» ion. into Consideration the Report, which was made from Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and con- Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His tinuing Navigable the River Start, in the Counties of Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Hertford and Essex, was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And tb* Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Commissioners to redeem the Navigation out of the Hands of the Undertakers, upon Payment of . all Expences, and Interest thereupon.

And the said Clause was Once read, with Blanks.

* And the Question being put, Thai the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House,

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Law Mr. Shiffher presented to the House, according to relating to Order, a Bill for explaining, and amending so much of an A Q,made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Silk A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Manufacture. posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty; that He will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters received by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, from any of His Majesty’s Consuls abroad, since the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Silk Manufacture;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz, to leave out " received," and insert " written," instead thereof; to leave out " from," and insert " or by their Order, toto leave out " relating," and insert " so far as the feme relate;" and at the end of the Question to add, <* together with their Answers thereto."

And the Question being put, That the Word " received" stand Part of the Question;

11 passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " writ-'ten" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " from" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Vol. 30.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, in the Year 1764,

Abstract of Reports made by the Commissioners, ap* Claim* pointed by His Majesty, for examining and Hating ^"fhelaie1 unsatisfied Claims and Demands alleged to be due for Wa* Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, on Germany, so much of the said Claims and Demands as have been liquidated since the 25th March 1765, including onq Report, dated the 4th of April 1764, not inserted in the former Abstracts.

Together with Copies of the said Reports: And also.

General State of the AbstraCis, No. 1, 2, 3, 4, of the Reports from the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty, to examine and state the unsatisfied Claims , and Demands, made on account of the late War in Germany, presented to the Honourable House of Commons in the Two last Sessions of Parliaraeu, and of the Abstract, No. 5, of the Reports of the said Commissioners, now presented.

And the Titles of the said Abstract, Copies, and State were read.

Ordered, That the said Abstract, Copies, and State, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the , Members of the House.

The said Abstract Copies, and State, are preferyed amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Samuel Vaughan, Esquire, do, upon Americ»n Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the Colonies, whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 2zd,

27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th,

10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, xoth, iqth, and 2 ill Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That John Williamt, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr.----- Halloivell do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mwn*’ ' to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted tp His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wifi, upon Wednesday Morning ne#, i*fulye itself into the said Committee

8 LThe

682

2i° Ma

A. 17 66.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to to Tici/ord Bridge, in the said County, without any resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Amendment: And also,

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Done*

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers granted Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign

o the Consideration of the said Committee.

' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterfontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Glove

Muufacture.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts, in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boulton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boulton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him toreport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him toreport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

P*

Kc

Batmfea

Bridge.

Folkestone

Church.

St. Botolph, Aldgate, Poor.

Bawtry

to

Markham

taad.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, from Battersea, in the County of Surrey, to in the County 0 (Middlesex, without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Support and Preservation of the Parish Church of Folkefone, and the lower Part of the Town of stone, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton,

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Doncajlvr, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of r Cross; and

also from Ferry Bridge to IVeat her by, and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the County of ForA"; asto so much of the said Act as relates to the said Roads from caster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of caster Cross; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made &c in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, R0U1 for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near the Town of Leioes, and other Roads in the County of Suffe.r; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading front the Turnpike Road on lliirjt Green, through the Parifltes of Etchingham and Burwaft, and from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for discontinuing the Use of several Roads leading into and over Fisherwick Park, in the County of Stafford, and for building and maintaining a public Bridge, cross the River Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the said County, and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge to Hademore Gate, in the Road leading through Whittington to Lilclfield, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act R* for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common llMr Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafelor and JValcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton Hafelor, in the Parish of Hafelor, in the County of with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,.intituled, An Act Rq for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,-Common Meadows, Common Pastures,. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of ,il the County of

Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act C‘M for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste 1 Grounds, called Cuddington or Bryn Common, in the Township of Cuddington with Bryn, in the Parish of Weaverham, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act C1* for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Sir ChelT ivode. Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

w

In

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson have Leave to make a Di Motion, it being pail Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ami the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock,

6 Geo. III.

240 Matin.

‘9

19

Naburo

i Inclosure.

Wareham

Roads.

rm

rt

t

4.

ur

Je

1

ITEp

U&-

>n*'

Richmond

(Sarrcv)

Poor:

Luna, 24* Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor, or Common, within the Manor and Township of Nabu in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor or Common, within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttlew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition *of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in and near the Borough of in the County of Dorset; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,'Owners, and Occupiers of Land, and Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Villages, and Hamlets of Clift, Piddletown, Athclhamp/ion, Burlefcn, over, A (fiddle, Pallington, Briantsjnddle, and

Turnerfpiddle, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and . many others; and also the Petition of several Persons living in or near the Town of Wareham, and others using thfe Roads leading thereto; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Thomas Bartelett, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from Sivamcichto the Top of -

Down, at the Eall End thereof, and from Piddle-townto Wareham, and from the said Town of Wareham, to the East End of the Town or Village of Bere, in the said County of Dorset, are very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the present Method prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leadingintp the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Town or Village of Sxcanwich, through the Tything or Hamlet of Ulwell, to the Top of Nine-Ban ow-Doivn, at the

East End thereof; and also the Road from Clouds Hill, to Wareham; and also the Road from Wareham, to the End of the Town or Village of Bere.

A Bill for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, within the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; and for shutting up a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kexv, to Richmond Green; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kew Bridge to Richmond; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Incroachments in the Streets and other Places, within the said Town; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rushout, Lord Mountfuart, General Frtxxvilliams, Mr. Petmani, Mr. IIarbord, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mills, Sir Charles Hardy, General Howard, Mr. Penton, Mr. Elliott, Sir John Griffin, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Cocks, General Grame, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Burton, General Vox. 30.

wood, Mr. Townftend, Mr. Eioer, Colonel Nugent, Mr.

Robinson, Sir Robert Burdctt, Mr. Houblon, Lord Wark-worth, Sir Charles Frederick, Mr. Way, Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Lascelles. Lord Howe, Mr. Darker, Mr. DeGrey,

Mr. Clive, Mr. Dundas, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fuller, Mr. And all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, sex, Effiex, Berks, Suffix, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so Spjttle*at» much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spitllegate Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill, to Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sib-thorpe, Mr. Sandys, Sir George Savile, Mr. Cujl, Mr.

Shijfner, Mr. Darker, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. OJbaldeflon,

Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Fon-nereou, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Mr.

Grey, Lord Grey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes,

Colonel Howe, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Whitworth, Sir rit Smith, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Mr. Cocks, Lord Doxone, Mr. Hunter, Sir Charles 11 ardy.

Colonel Barre, Sir John Glynne, Lord Burgher/h, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Robinson , and all the Mpmbers who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, and Derby And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Billfordividing and inclosmgcertainOpen Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract h<clofur«. of Waste Land, within the Manor of Boxoes, in the County of York, was read a Second Time!

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Darker, Mr. Siblhorpe, Mr.

Shiftier, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr.

Mr. Grey, Mr. Cujl, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Pennant, Mr. Grenville, Lord Grey, Sir George Savile,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Howe, Mr. Houblon, Mr.

Forrefer, M r. Dyson, Sir FrancisVincent, Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Cafwall, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Whately,

Mr. Tudioay, Mr. Vane, Mr. Burke, Mr. Seymour, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Whitxcorth, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, We/t-

moreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

A Petition of Sampson Lloyd, the younger, William Ri- W1*n chardJbn, Joseph Wilkes, the younger, and Abraham Hof- on to

kins, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Lessees, under the Right honourable Henry Earl of Ux-bridge, of the Navigation of the River from

Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill has been brought in, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Wilden Ferry, to the River Mersey , and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that the said Bill, if it pafles into a Law, will essentiallyaffeft the Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill; and t hat they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the Hon lef hall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal,

from

68 4

2 4° MartiL

A. 1766*

from the River Tren/, at of neat TTiYefcn Ferry, in the Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Lord 'Strange, Mr. Burt County of Derby, to or near Swarkftone, in the said Mr. Mr. Mr.; and all

County, U hielniov, Rudgeley, Stone, and Burslem.in the the Members who i'erve for the Counties of

County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton ford, Chester, Derby, and Hereford; and for the Prim-and AJlbury, in the County of Qhefier, ami to the River '

Mersey, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Brice'*

Name.

W V ' ---

cipality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Southwark

Street*.

A Bill for the more enfy and fjreedy Recovery of final! Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Robert Long, Sir Roger Sir Francis

Vinc&rifiMr. Long, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Ba-

got. Sir John Sebright, Mr. Darker, Lord Grey, Mr. Of-baldejlvn. Sir George Savile, Lord Pigot, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Gtey, Sir Roger Newdigate,

Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Town/hen Mr. Montagu, Mr., Cdjivall, Colonel Hot ham, Mr. Wynn, Mr Mr. O?;/W\Mr. Alderman B Mr. Mr.

De Grey, Mr. Delaval, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Conn ties of Derby, Stafford, Chester, Nottingham, and York; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the jClock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Bltiby, in the County of Lei-cefier, was committed.

Mr. Darker accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations Of the Bill, and found tire same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfy ion of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Six Yard Lands, and One Cottage,

D

(tnal

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Atts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of his late Majesty KingGeergethe First, and in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to several Places in the Counties of Surrey and Suffer; and for enlightening the said Roads, and establishing a regular nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough

o(Southwark-, and for repairing the Road from Smitham

Bottom, to the End of Wooly-Lane, and from WandJ-

worth, through Gorrat, to Tooting; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tu Sir Francis Vincent, Sir John Sebright, Lord <?r«/, Mr. Ldjcelles, Sir

Roger Newdigate, Mr. Grey, Lord Howe, Mr. Shiffner,

Mr.Gr<zy, Sir JohnAJlley, Mr. Fonnereau,^Ax. Vane, M-r.

Forrester, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Darker,

Sir George Savile, Lord Pigot, Mr. Houblon, M r. Sandys,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Tnd-way, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr.

Coventry, Lord Burghcrjh, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Paterson, Mr. John Pi ft,

Mr. Boulton; and all the Members who serve for the __________ __________

Counties of Surrey, Suffer, Kent, Essex, and SouthernffaptftkxT'lo'rrfufed'to’tign the ifcU; 7ud

/on,. And they are to meet this Afternobn, at Five of lhat Mie whole of the Lands intended to be in the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber. elefed contain Thirty-eight Yard Lands, and Cue

Quarter, and Nine Cottages; and that no Person An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; for enabling Robert Brice, Esquire, and his Heirs, to and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and take and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of Kings- made several Amendments thereunto, which they hat mill, was read aSecond Time. di retted to be reported to tile House; and lie read the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Vincent, Mr. Shiffner, Sir John Sebright, Mr. Lpfcelles, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Mr. Totonjliend, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Geoi’ge Savile, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Mr. Fonnereau, N[x.Sahdys, LoxdGrey, N[x. CuffS'wJoftn -a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the 'Questaon AJllaj, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Forrester, M r. Gray, Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Sir Charles MordauntfSfx. Darker, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he

Lord Pigot, Mr. Houblon, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Pater- ingrossed.

I)

lac

son, Mr. Gore, Lord Burgheifh, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Grof-venor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Burke, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ovjlow, Sir John Glynne, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Parker, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Way; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Dur-

A Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in 1 Repair several Roads, leading to the Town of Stratton, in the County dfCornwall, was read aSecond Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

ham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Yonge, Sir Sebright, Mr Mr.

iMncaJler: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Shrew (bury Bridge.

Mr. Foimereau, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston,'Six Roger Newdigate, M r. Darker, M r. Townshend, Mr. Whatcly, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Hemiker, Mr. Butler, Lord

Carysfort, N[x. Comptroller, Mr. Buller, Mr.

Colonel Barri, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

A Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and enlarging, the Stone Bridge, leading into the Town of Shreivf-

bury, and for rendering the Passages leading the reto

more commodious, and for removing Obstructions to Nugent, Lord Strange, Mr. Sir

ite Passage for Water under the said Bridge; and for Mr. Mr.

eretting a temporary Bridge-, was read a Second "Sir Mr. Mr. Mr.

Tudway, Mr. Whiihcot, Mr. Mr. Rigb>),

Mr. //wrt/, Mr. Mr. Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, , Dorset, and Somerset And they are to meet this Af ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker sCham her.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Glynne, Sir JohnAJlley, Mr. LaJ'celles, Sir George Savile,'Six Robert Long, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Long, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pennant, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Darker, Mr.

Ednumdtftone, Sir Jarrit Smi7/i, Mr. Bagot, Lord Pigot, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Grey, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Houblon,

a .77--..... Mr. repotted'from the Committee, towhon

Mx.OJbaldeston, S\x John Sebright,§\x John Hynde Cotton, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several ftintet M*-Whichcot, Lord JBretcn/ow Bertie, Mr. Cuff Mr. Pastures, called c, and

otherwh

6 Geo. III.

24* Martii. . 68 g

other wise Clmvther, within the TWnfh i p of A rtniifte, in

the County of York, was re-committed, That the Committee bad made another Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the llejiort in his Place; and afterwards delivered A the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

k "Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

4nd then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Street* An ingrossed Bill to remove and regulate the Public *rct ' Markets in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Passages within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Laues, Ways, and Passages there, to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the futnre; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts r* with Water; was read the Third Time.

- An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

I Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring that Contracts shall be

| "Void, if the Corporation do not pay the Money there-

upon, within a limited Time; and that they shall be precluded from summonmga Jury more than Once for the same Purpose, after Notice given of such Intention.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; Which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 13.1. 7, After " of* to insert " summeming;" and to leave out " AiMant," and iufert " J ury" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to remove and regulate the Public Markets in the City of Bathfor widening certain Streets, Ways, and Passages within the said City, and the LiWties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the feme; for better paving, cleansing; lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, 5je> Ways, and Passages there, to remove all Nuisances and

1 j, Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the

> future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the

laid City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water. f Ordered, That Sir John Sebright do carry the Bill

r> to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

r.

i Bath An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Reco-

r- Small Debts, very of Small Debts, within the City of Bath, and the '1 Liberties and Precincts thereof, was read the Third

T< Time.

it Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of It Small Debts, within the City of Bath, and the Liberties

If- and Precincts thereof.

Ordered, That Sir John Sebright do carry the Bill m- to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A1- Silk . Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their

Jfaaaiiichire. Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be gra-, cioully pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this 1 louse. Copies of all Letters written by the oir £ Com in iQio uers for Trade and Plantat ions, or by their

ited Order, to any of His Majesty’s Cotrfuls abroad, since the

iff, last Session of Parliament, so far as the same relate to

the Silk Manufacture, tqgetherwitlitlW Answers there-Vol. 30.

to, had been prefonted to His Majesty ', and-that His Majesty had^commanded him to acquaint this Hqpfe, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do make the Report from coontffti'orre the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- *nc'°‘urt* closing the Common fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Conntejihovpe, in the County of Leicester, was committed.

Mr. Jlarker accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Of the Committee; except Davis., White, Elliot, John Freer,

John Gillam, John Wornrtcighton, and Foster, who are possessed of Eight Yard Lands and One Eighth; and that the whole Lands to be roclosed cdnfift of "Thirty-eight Yard Lands; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-uuto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read t-be Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wore Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for-making and cont inning navigable Stort River the River Start, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, Navigation, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 30. 1. 23. To leave out " Four," and insert " Three*’ instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and

Ordered, That Mr. Hvublon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commi (boners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins imported wh^FiBs. into England, from North America, l’rnce the passing of an Act allowing the Importation thereof, upon Payment of the Old Subsidy; viz. from Lady Day x 764 to mas 1765: And also,

An Account of all Foreign Wrought Silks imported Silk*, into England, between Christmas 1764 and Christmas 1765; distinguishing the Countries imported from, and the Quantity from each Country.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,'That the Firllof the said Accountsdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Aflitlants, and Commonalty of the.

Trade, Art, and My fiery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

The said Accounts are preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, Westminster upon the 15th Day of February last, were reported from pavin«

8 M the

686 c 24* Mar Hi. A. 1766.

the Committee appointed to inquire into the Manage*-mqptand Application of all such Sums of Money, as have been collected, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway; and to report the Matters, as they shall appear to them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; and were then agreed to by the House; might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That there has been great Mismanagement of the Public Money, in the Repair of that Part " of the Keiifington Road leading from to

" Knightsbridge."

" Rejoiced, That some Alteration ought to be made " in the Execution of the said Truth"

" Resolved, That it would be of public Utility, and

" a Saving to the Trust, if that Part of the Road from " Clarges Street to Hyde Park , was put under the

" Management of the Commissioners for paving the " Streets of Westminster, and a proper Sum allowed out " of the Trust, for paving and repairing the fame."

" Resolved, That it would be of great Coiiveniency to " all Persons travelling through in case Part

" of the Trust Money was appropriated towards paving " and cleansing the fame, and a proper Proportionallowed by the respective Inhabitants for the said Purpose." Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for putting the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park-Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the -Roads in the Parishes of K Clteljea, Fulham, and

Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places in Westminster; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Road through the Town of sington: And that Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wil-' liam Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, and Sir Richard

Glyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Law A Bill for explaining and amending so much of an r*t'n8t0 Ad, made in the Eirft Year of the Reign of King James 1 a*e' the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London, was read a Second Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Roger Xewdigate, Genera.\A’Court, Mr.lVood, Mr. Sir Glynne, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr. lVhitworth, Mr

teijbn, Mr. Bar row, M r. Jenkinson^Ar.Rigby, Mr. Butler, Lord Grey, Mr. Parker, Colonel Lor

Mr. Darker, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Dodd, Sir George Sax'He, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Calvert, Mr* Staunton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, HKent,

Surrey, mnd Suffer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

wiuoR BiiiiA Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are M* ft thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Cinal." Lands and FJiates, or of Mills, within the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, in behalfof themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending in Parliament, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from Wt7 tton Bridge, \o KnMutt ram, Macclesfield,

Stockport, and Manchester, in the said Counties; that the Petitioners arc greatly alarmed at the said Bill, being apprehenfi ve that their Estates and Interests will be greatly prejudiced, by the making such Canal; and that the same will not, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, be attended

with any adequate or material Convenience to the Public: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counfei, against the said Bill, or have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from 1 fit ton Bridge, to by or near Mot tram A niireic, and from thence to ,field, and from or near Mottramaforesaid.to Stockport,

in the County of Chester, and from thence to in the County of Lancaster, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counfei, against the said Bill, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counfei be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in F’avour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered That Sir William Codrington, Mr. Scudamore, Sm

Sir John Wynn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Wynno, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Eiaer, Mr. De Grey, General Mr. Solicitor '

General, General Fitzu/illiams, Lord Bertie f\t James Peachey, Mr. Thy an, Mr. Mr. John Pitt,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the ParisheSjTownships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precitifts, and Territories of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine, Bennitigholtke, Bcnningholme Grange, and FuirhNorth Skit laugh.

Row ton, Arnold, Long Riston, Leven, Heigholme, and Hallytree Holme, Brandes Burton, and Efke,

Tickton, JVeel, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise JVawn, in llolderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session* of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prei'crvation of Fith, in Fif 11 Ponds and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the ’ Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein, so far as it relates to the taking and destroying of Fith in Rivers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Burrell, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Townfiiend, Mr. Foley, Mr. Wh Tucker, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. T, General Grame, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coi'entry, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Sir Roger Newdigate, Colonel Barre, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Seymour, Sir George Warren, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Lewis, Lord Grey, Mr.

LaJ'celles, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Pnfe Campbell,

Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr.

Nicholson Calvert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Cholmley,

Mr. Whitworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Bagof, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Whitshed, Mr. Touchet, Lord Burgherfit, Sir Robert

Long: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to explain and amend so much of the said Act, as relates to preventing Damage being done #to Sea Banks, within the County of by the breeding

Conies therein.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the c 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George l the Second, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Prel’ervation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, might be read.

And the same vyasTead accordingly.

The House way al£o moved, that an Act, made in the

Fifth

V

.6 Geo. III.

24° Martii.

Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Part of an Art, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his (ate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Law s now in being for the Auicud-

C

687

Mr. Chancrllor of the Fxchrqu'T presented to tfec Houii1, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Kxprmlif ure of /. 500,000 voted, upon account, towards discharging Inch unsatislied-CJainis and Demands, for Ex ponces incurred during the

Chirm

on account of tnc late G rman War.

ment and Preservation of the Public Highways and late War in as appeared to he due by the Re-

1 Urnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads, might be read. 1

And the same being rend accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts, the one passed in

ports of the Commissioners, appoint'd by His Majesty, for examining and lhiting those Claims and Demands: And also,

An Account of lhe Expenditure of a further Part of the /. 500,000 voted, fu the Year 1764, towards discharging unfat isfied Claims and Demands, for Ex-

the Twenty -sixth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An pences incurred during the late War in

----- also.

An Account of such Part of the Claims, allowed to be due in A bit rafts, N*. 1, 2, 3, 4, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, and laid before the honourable House of Commons in the lait, and in

Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; and the other passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Part of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty the preceding* Session of Parliament, as has not been King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render yet discharged.

more effectual the several Laws now in being for the And the Titles of the said Accounts wei;e read. Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the'Ta-and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making ble, to he perused by the Members of the House.

Acto >n-f Lam’s in 1 flam's.

further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads: And that Mr. Fuller, Sir Roger Xcicdigate, aild the Earl of Catherlough, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands, in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the 1 ft of July 1765.

Aud the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Glore

Mr. Boulton, according to Order, reported from the Manufacture. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactureof Leather Gloves and Mitts, in this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Palerson, according to Older, reported from the Supply Bill}

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bill9, for the Serv ice of the Year 1766, was-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That HughOicen, Esquire, who has petitioned pembnke

this House, complaining ofan undue Election and Return Iileftion. for the County of Pembroke, do, by himself or his Agent,

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in on or before next, deliver to the Sitting: Mem-

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with she Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Supply.

Mr. Palerson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Brfched, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen ihonfand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in main-taining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coalt of Africa, under the Direction of the Committee of Merchants trading to Africa.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and haying delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and taken the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

ber, or his Agent, a List of the Persons intended by him to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Member, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Member do, by himself or by his Agent, within the same Time.deliver thelike Lift, on his Part, to the Petitioner or his Agent.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Militia po fed, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who and Cfoihing. are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766, that they do make Provision in the said for altering, explaining, and amending the several Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " altering; " after the Word " explaining," to leave out the Word " andand after the Word " amending," to insert the Words " and " rendering more effectual."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to

The said Resolution was read a Second Time; and, upoiitheQueltionputt.hereupon, agreedtobytheIIoufe. the Question, byadding thereto thei'e W ords, " so far Vol. 30. "as

V

t*

688 24* — 250 Martii. A* 1766.t

as the same relate to the Payment of Money into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not " raised the Militia;"

An Amendment was proposed t#be made thereto, by inferring after the Word "the," and before the Word " Payment," these Words, " Clothing of the Militia,

" the Number of Serjeants and Drummers, and the."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, as first proposed, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain caller! England, forOne Year, beginning the 25thDay of 1766,that, they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the fevorul Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as tire same relate to the Payment of Money into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia.

The House being informed, that Mr. Route, Ac- Britf comptant to the Society of the Tree Fishery, at-

tended at the Door; be wsis called in; ami, at the Bar, presented to the 1 Ioufe, pursuant to tho Directions of <m Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Difourfements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from the 31st December 1764 to 3tit December 1765.

And then he withdrew.

Ami the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, rFha(t the said Account do lie 114)011 the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amougtt -the other Papers of this Sell!on.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 5" Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii III1'1* Regis, 1766. Prayers.

Breadtifcane’s The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exctuns». reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Petit ion of John Earl of Breadalbane;

Rejoined, That this House will, To-raorrow Morning, reiblve itself into the said Committee.

American The other Order of the Day being read, fortbeHouse

Colonies. ref0lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of last,

and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of this instant March-, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit the Merchants of London, trading to North America, who, upon the 17th Day of January last, petitioned this House, complaining of the Difficulties and Discouragements under which the Trade to North America labours, to be heard, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inti ruction to the said Com-s mittee, that they do consider of the several Laws now in being, relating to the Trade of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That the Account of the Tender and Amount of the Bills of Credit, which have been created and issued in the several British Colonies and Plantations in America, as well t liofe underProprkctore and Charters, as under His Majesty’s immediate Commission and Government, fiuce January 1749; riitiinguithing the Amount of the same in each Colony and Plantation, and the respective Times when such Bills were issued, with the Amount of the said Bills in Money of Great Britain, both at the Time when such Bills were issued, and at the Time of preparing the said Accounts; and also the Times fixed for the calling in, sinking, and discharging such Bills, and the Funds appropriated for that Purpose; be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

18

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the ffa Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Com- Inc m on able Lands, and allotting the Old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of ilathcrop, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title, be. An Act for dividing and in doting the Open-and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the Old Inclostsvee, lying within, the Towntliip and Parish of JIatherop, in the County of

Ordered, that Mr. Hufke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrotfed BiH for naturalizing Godhard Sutthcff and John Peter Comud was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That die Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Godhard Sutthoff, John Fetor Comud, and Renira B

Ordered, That Mr. Httjke do carry the Bill to die Lords, and defrre their Concurrence.

(an

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ch for vetting Part of the settled Estate of Sir John -wode. Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances aflefting the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey,

Mr. Ftdler, Mr. Bagot, Mr. SMr. Vane, Sir bert Calibrate, Mr. Legh, Mr. Fonereau,\{.r. Gilttert, Mr. Byde, Mr. Toionfkend, Mr. EMr. Lau nder,

Mr. Bootle, Mr Whitworth, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr.

liufke, Mr. Norris, Mr. Crewe, Mr PnmJ'e, Mr. rester, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynaf.onMr. Gore, Mr. caiven, Mr. Sandys, Mr. FitzherMr. Brand, Mr. Iloublon, Mr. Cafwall, Colonel Sir Roger

Newdigate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Salop, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, that the Petition of several s Gentlemen, I and Owners, Merchants, Tradesnien, Ma- , nufufturers, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Stourbridge, and Parts adjacent, in the several Counties of Worcester, Stafford, ami Salop, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, which was presented to the House upon the

15th

:,3

iT. I

Bmirii

fjitlosure,

4t.

Bickar Inc lulu re.

6 Geo. III.

2 5° Mar tii

689

1 -,fh Dov of February lull, and then ordered to lie upon the Tjil.je; might be again read.

Anil tbr (lime being read accordingly;

Ordered, 'I hat. t lie said Petition be referred to the Con-fidcrution of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itshall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Ward, Lord Bateman, Lord

Grey, Mr. Whit worth, Mr. Whiehcot, Mr. Ojioald, Mr.

-Toien/hend, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Seymour,

Mr. lYilloughliy, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Demp- Bill, purfttant to the Prayer of the Petition of Charles

LorATfrownlow Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpe be added to the Gen. tlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a.

Corbf

Inclosure.

Kettlethorpe

Inclosure*

tier, Sir JarritSmith, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Dyfixn, Lord

Strange, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gilbei't, Mr. Crewe, Mr.

J) an das, Mr. Bagat, Sir George Yonge, General more, Mr. llobinfon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr.

Vane, Sir Brook Bridges, Sir John Mr. Jennings, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Garys fort. Sir George Cole-

brook c; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worrefer, Salop, Stafford, and Chester-, and for 1 he Principality of it 'ales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining.

Amcotts, Esquire, Lord of the Honour of Stowe, and Wapentake of Well, in the County of Lincoln, of which the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the same County, is Parcel, and

Patron of the Rectory of Kettlethorpe aforesaid, and also Proprietor of several Messuages, Toflsteads, I-ands,. Ty thes, and Hereditaments, in Laughterton, and Kettlethorpe, within the said Parish, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of, or Persons interested in,' certain other Messuages, Toftlleads, Open Field Lands, and Meadow Grounds, and in the Commons and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Kettlethorpe.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the several Towns and Parishes of Lauitceston, Saint Stephens by Launcejton, Eglojkerry,

Stratton

Roads.

feveraf Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Walle^ Boyton, Trefnicer. North Tamer tan, Tremeano, Week Saint

Mary, Moorxvinfoxv, Kilkhampton, North Petherwin, Clanton, Bridgrulo, Pancras Week,

Ash-

water, Saint Giles in the Heath, and

Werrington, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application has been, or is intended to he, made to the House, for a Bill for amending several Roads, leading from Stratton to Pude, and Widemouth Bays, and other Roadsleadingto Holfworthy, and other Villages adjacent; and that the said Roads lie hi a barren unpopulous Part of the Country, and are little frequented by Travellers, but used chiefly by Persons carrying Sand, in the Summer Season, for manur-

stwl Feu Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second

'I*'

I mu\

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-Ion' Bertie, Sir Brook Bridges, Sir Thomas Stapleton, Mr.

'Tafnell, Mr. Meynell, Mr. St Mr. Mr,

Curve 11, Mr. Vernon, Mr. SMr, Plumer, Lord Garlics, Mr. Hobart, Mr. FitzSir llcathcote.

Sir Armine tVodehouse, Nr. Seymour, Sir

Tynte, Mr. Howard, Sir George Warren, Mr. Waller, Mr, Brand, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , Lord

Grey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Totmjhend, Mr. M r. Shut-

tleicorth, Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Bur-dett, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Ward, Mr. Legh, Mr. Pro'wfe, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Roger

Mojtyn, Mr. Iwwndes, Mr. Byde, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fo- ing tj,e Lands Gf the Petitioners, and others; and that

nereau, Mr. Lewis, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Gore, Mr. the said Roads may be kept in good Repair by the Laws

Gilbert, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Bagof, Mr. Shiffner, Mr.

Alderman Harley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Jloublon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr. Sibthorpe, Kir. Robinfan-, and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leiccfrr, Northampton,

Nottingham, York, and Rutland: And they are to meet __________ __________

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers thereby greatly enhanced: And therefore praying. Chamber. That such Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- until the Report be received from the Committee, to won Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the l’ariih _whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in

Roads may be kept in good Repair by the Laws how in being; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, in case an Act /hould be obtained for repairing the said Roads by Tolls on the Pafleng carrying Sand, it will not only be a Prejudice to them in general, but a particular Hard/hip to the Petitioners, and others, who have Occasion for the said Manure, as the Price thereof will

Repair, several Roads leading to the 7 own of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, is committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty king George the Second, intituled, An Act for Buckingham

— ~ R,ad.

of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining nud improving the said Fen; was read a Second lime.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Lord Broxm-

low Bertie, Mr. Cijl, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Sibthorpe, Mr. Shiffner, Wr. For refer, Mr. Brand, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Legh, Mr. Byde, Mr. Lou ndes, Mr. Fane- enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts reou. Sir. Kyuajton, Mr. Tnfncll, Mr. Toxcnshend, Mr, of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover,

Holt, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, Proufe, Sir. Dundas, Mr. Brand, Mr. Gilbert, Mr,1 and also for repairing and widening the Road leading Vane, Sir. Mor rice, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Whiehcot, Sir Ro- from the West End of the said Town of , to

ger Mojlyn, Mr. Brudenell, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Laf- the End of a Lane, called Oak Lane, next the Great e riles. Sir. Clayton, General Whitmore, Sir. A fills, Mr. Road, called The between

Elliot, Mr. Webb, Mr. Jennings, Sir Christopher Trc'fe, of Becomfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge,

Lord Grey, Mr. Cine, Lord L/Jburne; and all the Mem- in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said hers who sene for the Counties of Lincoln , Nottingham, Great Road which leads from the West End of the said

Wendover

to

Northampton, Ixicester, Rutland, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Fite of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vo 1 30.

T‘own of Becons field, to the River Colne, near Uxbridge, aforesaid; and for making the said Act more e/Feftqal; was read a Second Time.

8 X Refofved,

Scothoi n incloiuie.

Law

relating to Tillage.

Newcastle under Line Road.

Hexton

Icdofure.

690 £5° Mart it.A. 1766.

Refilled, Tli^at tin* Bill be committed to '\lr.Loxondes, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabled Ivlr. lloublon, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Herne, Mr. Forrefer, Mr. Prowfi, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Scan 7>, Mr. Iloll, Sir Ch a vies Kemys Tynte, Sir John Gib- Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Lord lev not, Lord Broxaihw lier lie. Sir James lloufe.

Dafncood, Wx. Willoughby, \lv/Tufnell, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Crewe, Mr Legit,. Lord Cary fort, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. ingrossed.

Dumlas, Mr. r<///c, Mr. Bootle, Lord Gm/fSlv.

ver, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lafidles, Mr. Bagot,.Mr. Marlin, The lloufe was moved, that the Order made upon Mr. Long, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Wednesday lait, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Brand, Mr. Bcaudcrk, Sir John Elwell, Sir George Yonge, continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Mr. Delava/; and all the Members who serve for the iutitpled. An Act to amend and render more effectual^ in Counties of Bucks, Middl'd ex, Oxford, Berks, North- His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, parted in amplon, and Warwick: And they are to meet this this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bet-Chaniber. ter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might

be read.

Ordered, That Mr. Sibthorpe be added to the Gentle-. men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Pr-yer of the Petition of the Right honourable Richard Lari of Scarbrough, Lordof the Ma-1;or, and Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Open Fields, in the Parish of Scolhorn, in the County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of several others, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands in the several Open Fields in the Parishes of Scothorn, and Sudlwooke Holme, in the said County of Lincoln.

Mr. Shffner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, made in the Fir it Year of the llcign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of Iwndon, was committed, 1I10 Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the lloufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ' ..

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Floodgates upon the Mill Dam, in or near the Town of Xeiccajile under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road, leading from Woor to Chester, near t he Town of Namptwich, in the County of Cheffer: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refill ed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Byde reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish, of Hexton, in the County of Hertford, except a Common Failure called The Coze Common, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Two Persons, who are entitled to Thirteen Acres and an Half of Land in the said Fields, and to Right of Common for Two Cows in the Low Field, and the rest of the Ovvucts and Proprietors are entitled to 1,514 Acres of I and in the said Fields, and to Right of Common for 40 Cous in the Low Field; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he lead the Report in his' Place; and afterwards delivered

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, ami render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, parted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Thomas Gore, the Lord Barrington, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commons, or Commonable h Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Fojian, in the East Hiding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, Th$t the Bill be committed to Mr. Tufnell,

Sir George Colebrooke, General Whitmore, Lord Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. IFebb, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Pater (bn, Mr. Caf wall, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mills, Mr. Simttleworth, Lord Caiysfort, \h.Montagu ^Ir. Sibthorpe, Mr Gilbert, Mr. Boulton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Comewall,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bagot, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Plmnptre, Mr. White, Lord Lisburne, Sir George Yonge,

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Upton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lczcis, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. West., Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Waller ;. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for vesting certain Estates, in the County of Lincolnin Trustees, and to enable them to appropriate 1 the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trusts declared by the Will of Sir Michael Warton, Knight, deceased, for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John, in Beverley, in the County of York, and for erecting an Organ in the said Church; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Rcfilved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fuller, Lord Grey, Mr. Grey Mr. Butler, Lord Lisburne, Mr. Grey, Mr. same all. Lord Pigot, Mr. Bull, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Catherlough, Mr. Sandys, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Mexborough, Mr. Wynn, Lord Winter ton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Shiffner, Lord Mountfluart, Mr. Proxcfi, Mr. Egerion, Lord Lome, Mr. Legh, Mr. Comewall, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Praed, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Onfiozv, Mr. Crave, Sir Thomas Cave, Lord Strange, Mr. Lafidles, Mr. Vanfiltatr, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Waller, Mr. Dawkins, Sir Christopher Treifi, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Upton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wef more-land, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

6 Geo.

25® Martii.

69 J

Allhallows on the Wall Church (London.)

ter.-ioon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* Allowance beforeirientioned; and that, as the Petition-her. , ers so largely contribute to the Turnpike Gate at Wal-

worth, created within their District, and have only so A Bill to render more effectual ail Act, passed in the small an Allowance to support the said Road, the Pe* last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish titioners therefore pray, that a further annual Sum may Church of Allhallows on the H all, in (he City of Lon*- be granted them, or that they may he allowed to collect den, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rec- and receive all the Tolls collected at the Gate, upon

for of the said Purish, and for porchafing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Paf-/ages to and from the said Church and House more commodious, was read a Second Time.

Refvlied, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Iau\broke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir William Maynard,

Mr. Butter, Mr Gilbert, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Pruw/e, Sir Georgel ’onge, Sir Eduard Mr

Cord Grey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Gray, Mr.

1! idchcof, Mr. f.mantes', Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr.

Shi finer, Lord Lijburnc, Mr. Boulton, Sir brccke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bagot, Sir

Elicrf/, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dyjbn, Lord Mr. Foley, Mr. Beauclerk, Mr..Van fit Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Tudway,

Mr. Salt lean; and all the Members who serve for the City of [jniulon, and for f lie Counties of E/fox, Hertford, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the said Road, from Newington to; and that

the Term and Powers of the said Actst so far as the same relate to the said Road, may be further continued and enlarged; or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it tliall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr.

Hunt, Lord Strange, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Mr. Van-fit I art, Mr. Brand, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Jloublon, Mr. Hujlcc, Mr.

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mills, Mr. Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Foneretiy, Mr.

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Totonshend, Mr. Gore, Ma. Gilbert,

Lord Grey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Drake, ML Willoughby, Mr. Bromley, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Calvert, Sin George Warren, Lord Bateman,

Carlton

and

Kimberly

locioltire.

Mr. Mr. Bouverie, Lord George Sackville, Mr, A Bill for dividing and inclosmgthe Opeh and Com- Mr. Burt, Mr. ,. Mr. Sandys; and all

mon Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Paritlies of Cordon d Kim-

berly, in the County of Nowas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Do Grey, Lord Lijburnc, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Cornezcad, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. B ot.'a, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Legh, Lord

tke;Meipbers who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, and Suficx-}'and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock', in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, find Records.

Grey, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Robert. Ladbroke, Sir Brooke

Bridges, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Brand, Sir

Rickard Philipps, Lord North, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, for passing through the Two Turnpike Gates on the Mr. Whitworth;Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vanfit tart. Lord George Road leading to the Stones End, through Newington; and

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, whoseNamesai’cthereunto subscribed, was also present'ed do. the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners pay great Sums of Money

Surrey and Suite* Roftdk

Surrey and Suilex Road*.

Sackvid.’, Sir John Gimme, Sir George Yonge, Sir John

Deluca I, Sir George Warren, Mr. Dummer, Sir Jojepli

Mawbcy, Mr. Onslow, Lord Howe, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor; and all the Members who serve for the Count ies of Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution fonmeh of several Attn of Parliament, iryule in the Fourth, Sixth, Tenth, and Eleventh Years of (he Reign of King Georgy the Fird, and in the Tenth and Twenty- shall appear to them, to the House.

Walworth, and receive no Benefit from the Turnpike Roads, further than the Fox, under the Hill aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Prdvision may be made* in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Road, from the Fox under the near Camberwell, to the Green Man, near Dulwich , in the County of

Surrey, in fuclt Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the lull preceding Petition is teferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it-

fifth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for' repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex, t herein montioiied.as relates, to repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell, in the said ' County of Surrey, to Nervcra/s,in the County of Kent;

and for repairing and widening the Road from Camber-well Green, to the' Fox under the Hid, in the Parillrof Camberwell, was presented to the House, and read; Set-, ting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the 1 Ioufe, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, foi continuing the Term and Powers of the said Acts, atul, other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by the said’ Acts, the Petitioners were to receive the several annual Sums off. lfioand ^. too from the General Fund by thof© Acts established; and that the Petitioners have' duly applied the said Sums in Repair of the said Road; ami that, tiotwitlilumding all their Care and Attention) the said Road is very bad and ruinous, and in many Parts thereof very narrow, and the said annual Sums, quite iiisufficient for the Purpose of keeping the said Road in proper Repair; and that, upon the Credit of

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Encourage" meat of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts, in this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Refoked, That tile Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the"more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather, Gloves and Mitts, in this Kingdom;

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

.The.House, according to Order, a Committee'of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Aldcroft, Gentleman, with Sarah > Sheroell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle took the Chair Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, that they had examined Witnesses, and heard Counfd, for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party

Glote

Manufacture;

AldcroVs

Divorce.

the said several Acts, the Petitioners borrowed the Sum of £ 6i,oq, for u Im h they now pay Intermit out of the appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and Vol. jp. that

9 2 25° Martii, A. 17

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

BJapnve’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (for veiling several Copytiold Estates of Blagraie, "Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Copyhold Estates (land limited, was read a Second Time.

Reftdml, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dyson, Lord Grey, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Rice, Mr. Mr.

Luttrell, Mr. Archer, Mr. , Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Up-

ion, Mr. Gore, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fane, Sir John -born, Mr. LafccUes, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sliifiner, Mr. Fonereuu, Me. Whiehcot, Ix>rd Mr.

hend. Lord Grey, lx»nl North, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Brand, Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Elliot, Lord ville. Sir Charles Hardy, I^ord Bateman, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Drake, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Cooper, Mr. l-egh, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Hunt, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Kynaf* Ion, Sir Fletcher Norton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Sandys; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Surrey, Southampton, and Writs: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Dressers, and Marmfac-ftauui: a«. Inters of Woollen Brood Cloth, in the W eft Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the rfcufe, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave for a Bill for the better Regulation of the Maiiu-fhfture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York, and that the Petitioners have, by Experience, found that the Act passed in the laift Session, repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the said County, and for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for prefer via g the Credit of the said Manufacture, hath fully answered all the Pur-fes intended thereby; and that the Cloth, which, fore this Act, was made extremely narrow, and not fit for Foreign Markets without stretebing, is now made of the full Breadth required at Foreign Markets, and tire wicked and pernicious Practice of stretching the Cloth beyond its due Ditnensions is by that Act almost totally prevented; and that the Petitioners conceive no material Alteration can be made in the said Act, without great Prejudice to the said Manufacture, which mull cud in the Ruin of the Petitioners, who get their Bread thereby: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against any Alteration to be made in the said Act, as to the House lit all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consulcration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Seflidu" oTParliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as pre-l'cribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds inoertifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preferring the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, tt|K»n their i'aid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, 'Flint it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the lb

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Hursley of the Borough of Ncxcbury, in the County of Berks, and t®

the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts g0^[er adjacent, who, upon the nth Day of this i nil ant March, petitioned this House, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurjley, in the County of Southampton, through the

Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 11 th Day of this instant March, for the hearing of Counsel upon the said Petition; and also the Order for the hearing of Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; be discharged.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have incurred, ov America; may incur, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by writing, in- indemnity grossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions ip UnlUmip«l America, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parch- pal, er. ment, contrary to an Act, passed last Session of Parlia-" ment, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, logrollings, and Printings, wrote, ingossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, mgrossed, or printed, upon unftanqied Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, Or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the gth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- Arndiffe veral Stinted Failures, called Cow Close, West Moor, and *nclo(ure* Cloioder, otherwise Cloiother, within the Township of Arncliffe, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Failures, called Cow Close, West Moor, and otherwise Ckrwther, within the Township of Arncliffe, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. LaJ'celles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Supply Bill; by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Exchequer Tear 1766, was read the Third Time. I"fc

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1766.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of many of the Inhabitants, in and about Colne Ma.iy Le Bone, Cavendi/hSquare, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes-of the House, that a Petition is now depending, for a Bill for conveying Water from the River Colne, by a Cut, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, to a Place near Willan's Farm House, in the Parish of Mary Le Bow, which, should the same pass into a Law, the Petitioner? apprehend, would be attended with very considerable

Advan-

6 Geo. Ilf.

2 $0 Mar Hi.

693

Wrftrr?inster

Paring.

Advantages, with regard to the Health, as well as the Convenience and Safety, of all the Inhabitants of that Part of the Town, w ho, by their Distance from the Re-fervoirs from which they are at present supplied, areex-posed to very great Inconveniences, in the same of sudden Fire, and the rather because of the great Increase of Buildings, which mult necessarily augment thofeInconveniences, unlei's a Remedy is provided: And therefore praying. That the said intended Bill may pass into a Law.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen of the Cities of London and We/hninjier, whose Names are thereunto annexed, on behalf of themselves and others, which was presented to the House upon the 15th day of and then

ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read. And the same being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, and the QnefHon being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the 1 Ioufe;

The Ilowfe divided.

Thy Yeas went forth.

gross and uet Produce of the several Duties on Malt, for the Years 1756, 1757, and 1758, and also the Years 1763, 1764, and 1765} distinguishing each Year; The I Ioufe divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellmfor theYe.,{^,^:

TeUerSrortheNoe,|^"^. So it passed in the Negative.

J

57-

105.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Account; That there be laid before this Koufe, an Account the Strong Beer. Quantity of Strong Beer and Ale, made between the 24th Day of January 1761 and the 24th Day of January 1 j6$, charged with the additional Duty laid by an Act,

paired in the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, together with the Number of Common Brewers, upon whom the said Duty is levied; and also of the Amount of the gross and uet Produce of the said Duty, for the same Time; difliiiguishing each Collection, and each Year;

It passed in the Negative.

r c - (Mr. Whitworth Tellers fortlje

2 03.

105

And the Members being equal;

Mr. Speaker declared himself with the Yeas.

So it \us rclblved in the Affirmative.

And the Petition was referred to Mr.

Mr. For refer. Sir William Beauchamp Lord

Strange, i\ 1 r. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sullivan. Sir John Gibbons, GYihthI AX 'curt, Mr. Burt, Mr Mr.

Mr. I.at odes, Mr. f ^nr on , Mr. Pane, Mr. Fonnercau, Mr. Cluiiu fJlor of the Exchequer, Mr. Jennings, Colonel Barri, Sir JarritSmith, Lord George SackvilSir linger Nezedigate, Lord BMr. Ryder, Mr. OnjloKi, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Toropjhend, Mr. Cooke, Lord Hinchinbrooke, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Dnfon, Mr.

cot, Sir George Colebrook, Lord Grei/, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Wood, Lord Barrington, Sir. Whateley, Mr. Lord Cat her lough, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

son, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Vanfiftart, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir John Delaval, la>rd North, Sir Turner; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Hertford, Bucks, Berks, Oxford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of many of the Inhabitants in and about Mary lx Bone, Cuvendish Square, and the Parts adjacent, this Day presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are

Little , Horwood Inclosure.

Heivortli

Inclosure.

A message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Anguish.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Pari of Little Horwood, in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to one of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Wade, or Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, of Upper and

Nether lleworth, in the County of Durham: And also>

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Clayton Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the likeUfes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower John Jones, Esquire, and Margaretta Maria hi s (and other*) Wife, late Margaretta Maria Weller, Widow, and other

the Devisees of John Maryon, Clerk, deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Charlton, and of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the said Manor, and also in the Parishes of Woolwich and Plumfled, in the County of Kent; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I Ioufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Clay

Erti

ate*.

Jones

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, deviled by the Will of Sir William Clayton, Baronet,

Clayton'a Estate*.

deceased, inTrnftees, to befold; and for appling the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the

the House, upon the th Day of this Induct March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; be referred to the Consideration of the said^Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants and Proprietors of Estates, in the Parish of Staines, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of the In ha-

bilaats aiidProprietors of Eliates, in the Pariftof Stan- Re‘"° Comtaitt^'to wK

in the County of Middlesex: which were lev^rally . r , . *« ^___« o to

Manchester Canal.

Duties on

Wsk.

tael.ynyxComtyo( MMle/ex: which MW federally inR and maim3ini,g a navigable Cut, or Cunul, from presented to the llmfe, upon the 13th Day of thi» In- J^Um Bridge, toNdhcr KMsford.byotnm Moltram tiant March, and then ordered to he upon the Table, And ftom thence ,0 MacclffeU. and fromor be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee. n(..,r aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Chester, and from thence to Manchester in the County of That there be-laid before this House, an Account of the Lancaster, vyas committed;

Vgl. 30. 8 0 Mr.

Melton,

IncIoAire,

694

25* — 'iff Martiu

A. 1766.

Mr. ChAmonieley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill w ere called

in.

And the said Report was read.

And the several Petitions against the said Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and offered to produce Evidence to prove, that the proposed Cut, or navigable Canal, would not be of the public Utility set forth in the Preamble of the Bill.

And the Counsel in favour of the said Bill objecting to such Evidence, they were heard hi support of their Objection.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard in Answer to such Objection.

And one of the Counsel for the Bill being heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to produce Evidence, to prove that the proposed Cut, or navigable Cana], will not be of the public Utility set forth in the Preamble of the Bill, the same not being an Allegation of either of the Petitions against the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Title be. An A6fc for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Hertford, except a Common Pasture called the Cow Common.

Ordered, That Mr. Bi/de do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jennings reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations o! the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned liad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they liaddirecied him to report to the I louse; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of I-oughborough, in the County of and Parts

adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, then the*Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill a* appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Walftvorth

inclosurt.

Soar

Xiw

Navrgition.

informed the House, that the House having come to the said Resolution, they had no further Evidence to offer.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House, and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Dill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John Earl of Breadalbane.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Watkinson, being examined, said. That lie is acquainted with the River Soar; that it is capable of being made navigable from the River Trent, to or near the Lordshipof Loughborough, and Canals may be made from the said River Soar, to or near tl»e Rujkes in Loughborough, and to the Hermitage Pool, where it communicates with the Hermitage Brook; that the whole Expence will

amount to about £.4,000; and that the making such Navigation will be of great Advantage to the Manufactories carried on in that Neighbourhood, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Soar navigable from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of leicester-, and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near the Ruf and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid; And that Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Palmer, and Mr. Darker, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mercuriif 26* Mart it.

Anno 6* Georgii III1'* Regis, 17 66.

PKAYIKS.

A N ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-il mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ilexton, in the County of Hertford, except a Common Pasture called the Cow Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the 22

Hie Lord Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Rutcliffe Culty, in the County of I^eicester: And the same was received; and read the lirit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to

Ratcliffe

Culey

Joclosure.

Tunbridge to

Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike -

at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near lick field, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the Fir A Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to

Order,

Bcwdley CinaJ.

6 Geo. III. 2 6°Marth. 695

I 0>der, a Bill to make ana maintain a navigable

Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near Bewd-ley, in the County of through,

to Autherley, and from thenceto or near Shutborough, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jone* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act (a»d others) (inpower John Jones, Esquire, and Maria

his Wife, late Margaretta Maria We tier, Widow, and other the Devisees of John Maroon, Clerk, deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of , and of Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor, and also in the Parishes of Woolwich and Plumjfead, in the County of Kent; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Patrington A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-loclotnre. n)on fjejjS) j^aIKjs> and Grounds in the Pari ill of

tringfon, in Holdemefs, in the Fail Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr, Parker, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Grey, Mr. Buller, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Gray, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sir

Henri) Bridgematt, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr, Bagot, Mr. Mr.

Willoughby, Mr. Shut/leworfh Mr. Mr.

Mr. Meipiell, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Kyttas-ton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Keck, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Upton, Mr. Egertoh;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Korthumberland, Cumberland, Wrfmoreland, Lancaster, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ph-fion A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-lucioturr. mon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of PreJ/on in Holdemefs, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Whirl icot, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. I^egh, Mr. Shiftier, Lord Grey, Sir George Warren, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Grey, Mr. Lewis,

Air. Parker, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Fonnereau,

Mr. Bootle, Mr. Ridley, Mr. General Graeme,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Air. Mr.

Eger ton, Mr. Shut t lewvr th, Mr. Starkie, Lord Sir Robert Burdeff, Sir Henry Sir Herbert I.loi/d, Mr. Willoughby, Sir George Yonge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties York, Northumberland, Cumberland, Durham, cqfter, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of Francis Beilby, Esquire, on the Behalf of hiuiself and Ann his Wife, Thomas Merchant

and Marmadnke Collings, Gentleman, Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, anti Grounds, in Prcston in Holdemefs, in the County of York, and severally entitled to the beneficial Interests, under a Lease for Three Liv es, now fub* filling, from the Stib-dean of the Cathedral and Metro-political Church of Saint Peter in York, of the Rectory

or Parsonage of Prcjfon aforesaid, and of all the Tythes, as well Great as Small, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Profits, and Hereditaments, belonging to the said Rectory or Parsonage, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in (he House for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Preston aforesaid; and that, although the Petitioners have so considerable a Property and Interest in the Lands intend-Vot. 30.

ed to be inclosed, all the Proceedings relating to the said Inclosure have been conducted without their Consent or Concurrence, and contrary to their Approbation; and the said Bill, as it is at present, will be in many Respects prejudicial to the Ell ate and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, that they may' be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as afteft their Property 3 and that the fame, as it now Hands, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to W'born the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inltriiftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, ac- Lighton cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ®rn°cr^"*<1 Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton Brontjwold otherwise Laighton Ecdejia, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, according to Order, reportAMcroft’s

from the Committee of the whole House to whom- Divorce, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to distblve the Afarriage of Charles Alder oft, Gentleman, with Sarah Shewed, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Roadt. of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads from fnchbellic Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Lttggie Water, Cumbernauld, and Redburne Bridge; and for altering the Course of the loft-mentioned District of Road;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lord

Grey, Mr. Parker, Mr. OJwa/d, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Luttrell,

Lord Garlics, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Strange, Sir George Savile, Sir Thomas Care, Mr. Legh, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. hunt, Mr. Shuttlcicorth, Mr. Keck, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Coventry, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir John Gibbons, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Montagu, Col. Barre,

Air. Fairfax, Lord Mexborough; and all the Members

who serve for North Britain: And they are meet this

Afternoon.

6 $6'

26® Ma.

1766.

Afternoon, at Five Chamber.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Bridgnorth

Writ.

Kcgworth

inclosure.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Sub/), in the room of William Whitmore, Esquire, w ho, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Warden of His Majesty's Mint.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ie-veral Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pattures, and Commons,^within the Ix>rdship or Liberty of Keg-uorth> in the County of I^iccjtcr, rHie Counfe] for and against the Bill were called in And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of several Persons, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land, and otherwise interehed, in the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, in the Lordship or Liberty of Kegxvorth, in the County of Leicester, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses, in support of their said Petition.

And then the Couufel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned to Tuesday the 15th Day of April next.

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to . the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals and Cinders, carried Coastwise from the Port of Sunderland, from Christmas 1730 to Christmas 1735, and from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1764; dist cad) Year: .\ud also,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals and Cinders, exported from the Port of Sunderland, from Christmas 1730 to Christmas 1735, and from Christmas 1759 to Christmas 1764, to all Countries; diilinguishing each Year and each Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved atuongit the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majescv;

Jujblvcd, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day o {April next, resolve itfdf into the said Committee.

Winbom Min Her to

B1 ndford Road

Bcflingby

fndoiuie.

Keddington

indolure.

Ned ham’s £ dates.

Amy; Mutiny and Desertion.

Account;

Coals,

Uc,

A Message from the Lords by Mr. and Mr.

Auguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad from the Cross, or Market Place, in the Totvn of , to

the Cross, or Market Place, in the Town

Forum, in the County of Dorset, without any Aniend« nient: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Walks, within the Township or Parish of Beffingby, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of A in

the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates, Jute of Robert Xedham, Efijuire, deceased, situate in the Kingdom of I refund, for the Term of Five hundred Years,

to George Xedham, Esquire, for confirming an Agreement made between the Widow and Children of the said Robert Xedham, and for veiling Part of the said Robert Xedhanfs said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances afiefting such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishitig Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the Ihme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Culioms, attended at the

The Older of the Day being read, for t lie I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to I lis Majesty;

Ordered, That the Abstract of Kcports, made by the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty, for examining and ttating unsatisfied Claims and Demands, alleged to be due for Expences incurred during the Lite War in Germany, on so much of the said Claims and Demands, as have been liquidated fiuce the 25th March 1765, including One Report, dated the 4th of April 1764, not inserted in the former Abllrafts, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the GeneraLState of the Abttrafts, X". 1, 2, 3, 4, of the Reports from the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, to examine and stale the unsatisfied Claims and Demands made on account of the late War in Germany, presented to the Honourable House of Commons in the Two lad Sedions of Parliament, and of the Abstract, N*. 5, of the Reports of the said Commissioners, now presented, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expenditure of /. 500,000 voted upon Account, towards discharging nich unsatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appeared to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty, for examining and dating those Claims and Demands, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account the Expenditure of a further Part of the f.500,000 voted in the Year 1764, towards discharging unsatisfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the 1 ate War in Germany, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of inch Part of the Claims, allowed to be due in Abstracts, No. 2, 3, 4, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, and laid before the Honourable the I Joule of Commons in the lad and in the preceding Session of Parliament, as has not been yet discharged, be to

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, i" Protocol, 2 r March 1764;" and Transition; which were presented to the House upon the 27th Day of March 1764, be referred te the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the several Accounts and Edimafe, which have been presented to the in this Session of Parliament, relating to the for the Maintenance and Education of ex [to fed and deserted Young Children, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr.

Ways and Meant.

Supply.

American

Colonies.

Earl

Breadalbant’s

Exchange.

Ned ham’s Lfutej.

Framework

Knitting

Goods

Manufactory.

6 Geo. III. 26° — 270 697

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the further Care of the said Charity.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning'.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 2id, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January lait, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February Jail, and upon the 3d Day of this Inllant March, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February lait, by His Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John Earl of Brcadalbanc.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 27* die Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii III11' Regis, 1766. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates late of Robert Nedham, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of Five Hundred Years, to George Nedham, Esquire; for confirming an Agreement made between the Widow and Children of the said Robert Nedham; and for veiling Part of the said Robert Nedham's said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, ancf other Incumbrances affecting such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nlr.Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Hosiers, and Manufacturers of Framework-knitting Goods, residing in the Town of Nottingham, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Trade, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. If rad Ellington, a Hosier in London, being examined, said, That great Frauds are committed in marking of Stockings and Pieces, and other Framework-knit Goods; and that Two-Thread Goods are frequently marked as Three Threads, and Three Threads as Four Threads; and he produced a Pair of Stockings, which he bought as he came to attend the Committee, marked as Four-Thread Stockings, which, upon being exa-. rained, appeared to your Committee to be only Three Threads; and the Witness said, it was a common Practice for some Manufacturers to mark their Goods in this fraudulent Manner, by which Practice they undersell the fair Trader.

Mr. Charles Tyrrell, also a Hosier in London, being examined, confirmed Mr. Ellington’s Evidence; and added. That his Customers had frequently complained that he did not serve them so cheap as some other Persons could do, and hadlhewn him the Goods they had bought as Three Threads, and some as Four Threads, both which were only Two Threads; and that he had cut the Goods before their Faces, and shewn them the Fraud.

That there are very great Frauds practised in marking of Pieces of Framework-knit Goods; and that by marking them falsely the Makers fell them at a much higher Price than they would fell for if they were truly marked.

And the Witness said. That great Complaints have been made from abroad of the Practice of false marking of Goods, which Practice discredits the Manufacture of this Country.

That an Order was offered to a Manufacturer for a large Parcel of Goods to be falsely marked, which he refused to comply with; but the Offer was accepted by another Person, and he had an additional Price for marking his Goods with false Marks.

And the Witness said, that some of the most considerable Manufacturers in Town make use of this Method ®f false marking their Goods.

Mr. Thomas Waller, a Hosier in London, confirmed Mr. Tyrrell's Evidence as to the Frauds committed in marking Framework-knit Goods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the fraudulent Marking of Framework-knitted Manufactures: And that Mr. Colonel

Howe, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. Willoughby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sibthorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Parishes of Scothorn and Sudbrooke Holme, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Sibthorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in Laughterton, in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

v

Sir Thomas Cave presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fdr making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicejten and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near the Rujhes, and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the Loading of Ships with

8 P Coals,

Scothorn

Inclosure.

Kettlethorpe.

Inclosure.

Soar River Navigation.

NewcalHet Coal Trade.

698

270 Martii.

J. 17

flffkgn

to the Bank of ingland.

Coals in the Ports of NeucaJUe and Sunderland; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Wards of Cornhill and Broadfreet, within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill is now depending in the House, to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Ground, Houses and Buildings, within the said Wards respectively; and that by two several Acts made. One in the Fourth Year of Hisprel’ent Majesty’s Reign, and the other in the last Session of Parliament, the said Governor and Company were impowered to purchase other Ground, Houses, and Buildings, within the said respective Wards, or one of them j and that, as the Petitioners will be greatly burthened with an Increase of several Rates and Taxes, by the pulling down of such Houses and Buildings, unless some Provision be made to prevent the fame: Therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the more effectually (scoring the Payment of the present or any future Rates and Taxes, which the Owners and Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, and Buildings, purchased by virtue of the said Acts, or to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or of the present Bill now depending, are now liable, or since the taking down of any such Houses or Buildings have been, or may hereafter be, liable to pay.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerating of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous and near to the Bank, and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious, is committed.

mentioned Alteration in, and Additions to, the Trust, can be no Detriment to the said Roads, nor to the Mortgagees under tlte said Acts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, andj to do therein as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Smith, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr.

Cholmley, Lord Strange, Mr. Sir

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Hopkins, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mr. Butler,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Burt, Mr.

Mr. Butler, Mr. Beauclerk, Sir John Major, Mr. Van-fittart, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Palerson, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lcgh, Mr. WiL-/on, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Earle, Mr. herbert, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter j

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and Hants; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Aodover

Road.

Westminster

Paving.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Hudlff Newbury, in the County of Berks, and of the principal 10 Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefer]ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners finrf, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road in the Pa-riih of ifurJUy,in the County of Southampton, through Andover, to the Sigu of the Gun, in the Paritfa of New-bury; and that the Road from the Sign of the Gun, near Newbury, to the Town of Neivbury, and to ChiltonPond, in the Parish o f Chilton, in the County of Berks; and also the Road branching out of the said Road, from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in the Town of Newbury aforesaid, to the Extremity of the County of Berks, at Nezoloxon River in the Road towards Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, are in a ruinous Condition, in many Places too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary course of Law: And' therefore praying.

That Provision may be made, in the Bill to be brought in in consequence of the said Petition, for repairing the said Road, in such Marnier, and under Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. , Ordertd, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Aud that they do exar mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ihalt appeal’ to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vanjittart, Sir Smith, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Burt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Walter Blackct, Sir William Beauchamp Procter,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Herne, Mr. Poivlet, Lord Pigot,

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. WhateLey,

Mr. S/iutlleworth, Sir Alexander Grant, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Upton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Butler, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Legh, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Hewett, Mr. -tres and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Bucks, Southampton, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execution an Act, possedin the Fourteenth Year of his iate Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Teroa and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads it* the

Parities of Kensington, Chelsea, aBd Fulham, and other

Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and the said Pari/Jiw of Keufngton and Chelsea -, was presented to the House* and read} Setting forth. That the grea/eft Part of the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners are now in very toi.erable Repair, and may be easily kept so; and that great Part of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts has been repaid} and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is ordered in for making several Alterations in, and Additions to, the Petitioners Trust; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be: of public Utility if such Parts of the said Roads, which lead from the End of Clarges Street, to the Turnpike Gate, near Hyde Park Cornerj and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middleje.r, were left out of the Petitioners Trust, and put under the Management of the Commissioners for

saving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and other laces, in Westminster, and an Allowance made to the said Commissioners out of the Tolls arising from the said 'Fruit; and that the Term granted by the said

Acts of the 12th of his said Majesty King George the

First, and of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, being

near expiring, the Petitioners conceive, that if the said Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from H'iUenFwnr Term be further continued, and some other necessary the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a narig- on Powers given to the Petitioners, the making the above- able Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near

Can?/.

k

6 Geo. III. 270 Martii. 6op

\ Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, toornear

stone and Willington, in the said County, Whichnor, ley, Stone, and ourjlem, in the County of Stafford; and from thence to or near Latvian and in the County of Chester, and to the River Mer/ey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing in the City of Litchfield; and also the Petition of several Merchants,

I Traders, and Manufacturers, residing in the Town

of Krngjton upon Hulin the County of the fame; and; also the Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of Walsall, in the county of ; and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Borough and Port of Liverpool, in t he County Palatine of Lancaster: and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Burton upon , in the County of Stafford, and also of the Town of Derby, and the Proprietors of Lands near the River Trent, between Burton aforesaid, and Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, and Manufacturers, residing in the Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford; and also the Petition of several Cheefd-mongers of the City of London, and Borough of South-'work, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Moil noble Francis Duke of Bridge-

water; were severally referred.

'» _ M r.Gj/Ccrf accordingly report ed from the said Committee. That no Counsel appeared before the Committee;

and that the Committee had considered the Seven first and Ninth-mentioned Petitions, but no Person appeared before the Committee, in support of the Allegations I of the Eighth-mentioned Petition; and that the Com-

1 mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 9th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the several Pert'ons, who have petitioned this House, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Cromford Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to

Bridge, whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road, at Of near Langley Mill, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations'of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Nude feverid Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; mid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the I Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

v, - ’ Lauder Mr. Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom

Road. the Bill for repairing the Road from the Burgh of , Voi. 30.

Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelfa, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme t6 bfe true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and the*n a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, With an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to tire Directions of an Att of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " 6th Day of May 1765, Report Scofcj*

" of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the forfeited " annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Estates.

" Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by " an Att of the 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign,

is directed to be laid before both Houses of ParliamentAnd also,

A Paper, intituled, " 23d Day of August 1765, Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for managing the annexed forfeited Estates in Scotland, to " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

" which, by an Att of the 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to be laid before both " Houses of Parliament."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the Hoftfe.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fitzherbert, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from John Poivnall, Esquire, Secre- silk tary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade aHd Planta- MWa&u.. tions, dated December 23, 1765, to John Dick, Esquire,

His Majesty’sConful at Leghorn: And also.

Copy of a Letter from John Dick, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul at Leghorn, to John Pownall Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated January 20, 1766: Arid also.

Copy of a Letter from John Dick, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul at Leghorn, to John Pownall, Esquire,

Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated January 31, 1766.

And the Titles of the said Copieswere reatk Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiflfe, Wardens) Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade,. Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of thenr-selves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

The said Copies are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that MV. Roive, from the Accounts; Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he Was called in: and at the Bar, presented merica-to the House, purftiant to their Orders,

An Account of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported from His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies ill America, to Scotland-, and' like wife the Value of all Goods, Sc. exported from Scotland, to the Sugar Colonies, from 5 th

January

700

2 7° MartiL

A\ 17

January 1761, to 5th January 1766, being as near as they can be made up; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantityof Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mittens imported into Scotland, for Seven Years; distinguishing each Year, together with the Duties paid upon the Importation thereof: And also, An Account of all foreign Kid and Lamb Skins, undressed, imported into Scotland, for Seven Years pali; dirtinguirtiingeach Year, together with the Duties on the Importation thereof: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins imported into Scotland, from North America, fmee the passing

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to several Places in the Counties of Surrey and Sand for enlightening

the said Roads, and establishing a regular nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southwark } and for repairing the Road from orn Bottom, to the End of and from

an Act allowing the Importation thereof, upon Payment through to Tooling; is committed.

of the old Subsidy only, to the 5th 1 766, being

as far as such Account can be made up: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Pimento, Ginger, Cotton, Rum, Dying and other M oods, Drugs of all kinds, imported into Scotland, from his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, from the 5th January 1757, to 5th January 1704; distinguishing each Year: andiikewife the Quantities of the said Commodities exported from Scotland, in the same Period; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Pot Alh imported into Scotland, from the BrColonies in America, during the last Five Years, distinguishing each Colony, and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of the different Kinds of Furs imported into Scotland, from the Colo-

nies in America, during the last Five Years; distin-guilliing each Colony, and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Train Oil imported into Scotland, from the British Colonies in America, during the last Five Years; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wrere read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the ' other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

the

A Bill to amend and render more erteftual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, parted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Shiftier do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Deienioft.

Law

relating to

Tillage.

Surrey

and

Sussex

Hoads.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, in or near the Parish of Kingston vpoji Thames, in the County of Surrey, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing several Roads, from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to several Places in the Comities of Surrey and Suffer, and for enlightening the said Roads, and establishing a regular and nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southwark, and for repairing the Road from Smitham Bottom, to the End of Wooley Lane, and from Wandsworth, through Garratt, to Tooting; and that the Roads from the Robin Hood to Kingston, are so deep and sandy in many Places, and the Hill so deep, that it is not only very inconvenient for Travellers, but a great Injury to the Turnpike, as many Carriages avoid that Road on that Account; and that the Petit ioners apprehend Putney Heath and Gallozvs Hill, to be the most dangerous Part of the Road from London to Kingston, in respect to robbing; yet, by the Bill now under Consideration, that Part of the Road is not to be watched or lighted; and that, by watching and lighting only Six Miles of that Road, it will be a means of driving the Robbers to Putney Heath and Gallows Hill, whereby the Inhabilants of Kingston and the Neighbourhood of that Town will be in continual Danger in travelling to and from London; and that the Petitioners therefore hope, the House will prevent so much of the said Bill, now depending, taking E(Ted, as relates to watching and lighting any Part of the said Road, unless the same is extended as far as Kingston.

Mr. Tufnell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclodng, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning Bei'klty Square, in the Paridi of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lojhcithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of George Hoteard, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of His Majesty's liland of Minorca.

Berkley

Square.

Lodwiihid

Writ.

Ordered, That Hugh Owen, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 24th Day of February last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition, at the Bar of this House, upon the nil Day of April next, be discharged.

Ordered,

Pembroke

EJrclioxi.

6 Geo. III.

27* Mar tit. 701

Ordered, That Thomas eldest Baillie and first

Magistrate, and the other Persons under subscribing, Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of Pittenweem, North Brita; and also Robert ltob, eldest

Baillie and first Magistrate, and the other Persons under subscribing, Magistrates and Town Counsellors of the Borough of Anfiruther North Britain; and also Andrew Boy ter, eldest Baillie and first Magistrate, and the other Persons under subscribing, Magistrates, and Town Counsellorsof the Borough of Britain; who, upon the 31st Day of January last, severally petitioned this 1 louse, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Burghs of A njtrnther Easier, Anjtruiher Wester, Kilr and

have Leave to withdraw their said Petitions.

Wiiton A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, Manchester from Witton Bridge, to Nether by or near

Canal. MoltramAnd vac, and from thence to Macclesfield, and

from or near Mottram aforesaid, to Stockport, in the County of Chester, and from thence to in

the County of Lancaster, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives H is Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they draft think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. i.l. 17. After " of" to insert " nether:"

58. 24. To leave out " Six," and insert " Five" instead thereof,

82. 33. To leave out from " Shillings" to

" provided" in Pr. 83.1. 14.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaininga navigable Cut, or Canal, from Wilton Bridge, to the Towns of Nether Knutsford, Macclesfield, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, and to Alunchester, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Liceacet. the better preventing Irregularities and Disorders arising from the present Method of granting Licenses for felling of Wine by Retail, to be consumed in the Houses of Retailers: And that Mr. Mr.

Ridley, the Lord Warkworth, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Six thousand and Forty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to enable His Majesty to discharge such unsatisfied Claims and Demands for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners, appointed by His Majesty, for examining and Rating such Claims and Demands.

Vol. 30.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, to enable Hi?

Majesty to complete the Payment of One hundred and

Fifty thou fend Pounds, stipulated by Treaty to be

paid to the Landgrave of HcJfcCajfel, in extinction of

all Demands, under the Title of reasonable Succour, or otherwise.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardian; of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the 25th Day of March' 1760, from the 31st Day of December 1765 exclusive, to t.hc 31st Day of December 1766 inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and paid, for the Use of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever»

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.That the Sum of One thousand One hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, remaining-uniffued of the Monies granted in the last Session of Parliament for the Use of the said Hospital, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards further enabling the said Governors and Guardians to maintain and educate the said Children during the said Time; and that such Sum be also ifluecl and paid, without Fee or Reward, or any'

Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicenle, That an humble Ad* Addr<-f«

dress be presented to His Majesty, to express the Ap- kite* robation of this House, of the Attention which has German War, een iliewn as well to the Interest as to the Honour of these Kingdoms, in the Examination and final Liquidation of all unsatisfied Claims and Demands on account of the late'War in Germany; and to beseech His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to bellow such Rewards on the Persons employed in executing the Commission established for that Purpose, as His Majesty shall think proper, according to their respective Merits and Services; and to fifth re Ilii Majesty, that this House will make good such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be issued on that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That aft the Members who serve for the Sutton, County of Lincoln, be added to the Committee, to whom Drainage, the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the 4th Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and impvoying the Low Grounds and Carrs lying and being in the Parishes, Townlliips, Hamlets,

Lordships, Precincts, and Territories of Sutton, Gan* field, Swine, Benuingholme, Beuningholme Grange, and

Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Ronton, Arnold, Long Rif

ton, Leven, Heigh Holme, and IIally tree Holme, Brandts Burton and Burfal, Fjke, Tick!on, sal, Routh, Meaux,

and Waghen, otherwise Waving, in the Eali

Riding of the County of York, is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, and Ma- WildenFemr nufacturers rdiding in the Town o in the on the Trent

County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and Mersey°Rirer

read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, Canal, that an Application is intended to be made to the House, for a Bill to make a navigable Cut or Canal.

Q from

702

270 Martii — 'j° Apr His.

A. 17

from WildenFerry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall fccm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkftone, and Willing-

ton, in the said County, Whichnor, ilndgley. , and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and Ajlbury, in the County of and to the River MerJ'ey, was committed, be taken into Consideration.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Monday the 7th Day of April next.

America, upon their Petition, and examined several 'W'itnelles; and had made a further !’i ogrets in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 7th Day of April next, resolve it fell into a Committee of the whole House, toconlider further of the several Papers, which were prefen ted to the house, by Mr. Secretary Conn 'ay, upon the 14 th, and, 27th, 28th, and 3 x li

Days of January lull, and the 5th, ioth, 17th, and 2 ill Days of February lull, and upon the 3d Day of this Infiunt March, and by Mr. Chancellor of the exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, igth, and 21st Days of February lall, by His Majesty's Command.

American Colon its 1 Address for Accounts,

Ditto.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to direct, that the fulled Instructious be given to the several Governors of Colonies in North America, to tran£ mit particular and exa 6t Accounts of the several Manufactures which have been set up, and carried on, in their respective Governments, from the Year 1734, and of the public Encouragements which have been given thereto; and that the said Governors do, from time, to time, annually transmit the like Accounts of Manufactures which shall hereafter be set up, and of the public Encouragements which shall be given thereto; and that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to dire# that such Acxxmnts, when received, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all public Encouragements given by Acts of Assembly, or otherwise, in the several Colonies in North America, for the Establishment or carrying on of Manufactures in the said Colonies respectively, as far ns the same can be made out by any Information hitherto received.

Ordered, That the Taid Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Elis Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John Earl of Breadalhane.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, That the Committee#had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now' rec eived.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fenian and Lix, in the County of Perth, for otherLamls, beloiigingtotheliighthonourable^/iz/Earl of Breadalhane, in Pilkdlomi, in the said County of Perth.

And the Lord Advocate of Scotland moved the Houf§ accordingly.

Ordered, 1'hnt Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Neman and Lit, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Karl of Breadalhane, in Pifkellony, in the said County of Perth: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, General Grceme, and Mr. Oswald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, the 7th Day of April next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Earl of Breadalbane'l Exchange*

Walsworth

Inclosure.

American

Colonies.

Die Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields arid Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walfxvorth, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned, till Tuesday the 8th Day of April next.

Luna, 70 die Apr ilis;

Anno 6* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, Mr. Mr. Sir

1 8th, and 31st Days of January Jail, and the 5th, ioth, Mr. Del aval, Mr. »5 Lord Grey, Mr. Alderman

17th, and 2 ill Days of February iaft, and upon the 3d Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M Townshend, Sir Pier a)

ABIL L for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Crop, near Uckfield, in the County of Suffer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller,

Tunbridge

to

Ringles Croft Road.

Day of this Infiant March, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, ioth, iqth, and 21st Days of February Jail, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Brett, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Darker, Mr. Rice, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Lad-

broke. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Laurence, Sir George Savile, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Which cot, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vane, Lord Percival, Mr. West,'Air. Ridley, Mr. Clive, Mr. Wilson-, and a/J the

Air. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they Members who fefve for the Counties of Suffer, Kent, had heard the Merchants of London trading to North Surrey, and Southampton; and for the Cinque Ports:

' And

20

6 Geo.

7* Apri

703

Bkkar

lnclufure.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Resolved, That the Bill do pal's,

mittee, to u hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ordered, That the Lord Grey do carry the Bill to the

Openand Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed in the Parish of Biekar, in the County of Lincoln; and to the fame, without any Amendment, for draining and improving the said Fen, is committed.

Pi c lion

Inclosure.

Bourn iocl^sure.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and incl0fingcei* tain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Prof on, in Holder nefe, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Conwnon Fields, Meadows, Wafie, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, is committed.

IfocllryComer Sc. Road*.

Cromford

Bridge,

' fcc. Road.

Rateliffe

C'lley

lodofure.

Clergyman Orphan! Charity Ril ate.

A Bill to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals,' Newcastle in the Ports of and as read a Coal Trade.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Savile, Mr. Sir John Major, Mr. Vane, Mr. Ofbald Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Mr. De Grey, Mr. Mr. Sir Robert Ladbroke,

Mr Clive, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Sir John

DelavMr. Fuller, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Butler, Mr. Bnller, LordPemV«/, Mr. Sir Vincent, Mi*.

Sandys, Mr. Darker, Lord Orwell, Mr. Phnnptre, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Robert Bertie,

Mr. West, Mr. Sir John Hynde Cotton, General

Gramand all the Memberswhofervefor the Counties The Lord Grey presented to the House, according to of York, Durham, Narthumberlandf’imberland, Westmorc-Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from land, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this After*

M uckleyCorner, to Walfalland Wednesbury, and to I sigh noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brook, and OckerHill, and from Toll End, to Puppy Green

and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green to the Dudley An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and keep-Turnpike Road, and from Portway, to the Walsall and ing in Repair, the Road leading from Cronford Bridge, Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge to New in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road, at or Mills, and from Walsall Brook to Ablewell Street, and near Langley Mill, in the said County, was read the from Bloxzoich Chapel to Barn Hales, all in the County Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping iu Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields* Langley Mill, in the said County.

Meadows, and Commons, within the I^ordship of Hat-Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

clifeCuley, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey, Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee,

Mr. Gray, Sr Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fuller, Sir George to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road

Savile, Mr. Butler, Mr. Vernon, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Mr. Butler, Mr. Montagu, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Befl, Red Cross, in the Parish of Slielfurd, in the County of Mr. Shifter, Mr. Clive, Mr. Mills, Mr. Filzherbert, Lord Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had William Campbell, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Vane, Mr. Go?r, Sir examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bii), with the Amendments, be

of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Haverhill

to

Red Crofi. Road.

I / f 7 — "

Francis Vincent, Mr. Laurence, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Gibbons, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr.

Lord Percival, Mr. Ridley, Mr.; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Stafford, anil York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to citablish a Proposal made by William Constable, Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity

(ni* flva UnlmC of »\Woi> AV l/loino of 1

ingrossed.

for the Relief cif poor Widows and Children of Clergy- j*ePorted to the House, that their Admen, and for confirming the fame, and effectually carry- the 2.7th Day of March last, that His

Inn- »iw» fam(. inin Majesty would be graciously pleated to direct that the

CKetwodc’*

Estate.

American Colonies;

..... cv a IV^ KJl Majestywould.be graciously pleased to direct that the Addreftfor

Par JJoriTnd, calFel Ch^njCobb Sand, in the County *nftru(? j0 be S'vcn to the several Governors of Account.

of York: And the fume was received; and read the First Col^'es ,n Norll‘ foJnmtait Part,<?ulf uand

exact Accounts of the several Manufactures which have been set up, and carried on, jin their respective Governments, from the Year' 1734, and of the public Encouragements which have been given thereto; and that the said Governors do, from time to time, annually transmit the like Accounts of Manufactures which shall here-

ing the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or

Time.

_ Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second Time.

The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for, veftiUg Part of the settled Eliate of Sir John after be set up, and of the public Encouragements which Chetzvode, Baronet, in Trustees, to bq fold, for discharg- shall be given thereto;' and also their Address of the same ing Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed, Day, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to That the Committee had examined the Allegations of give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the might be laid before this House; had-been presented to Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, accordingly.

VOL.30. Mr.

M

7°4

A. 1766.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Brij under their common Seal, was* presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners obl’erve, by the Votes of the House, that the Trade of His Majesty’s Subjects to America is under CouiKleration; and representing that the opening a Port in the West, for the Reception of foreign American Pro-

duce, under proper Rel'triel ions, would be a Means of increasing the Manufactures, and extending the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms; and tltat the Island of , from its Situation ami other Cir-

cumiiances, is, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, most convenient for the above Purposes: And therefore praying, That the said I Hand may be made an Open Port, under such Regulations as to the House shall Item meet.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Town of

Answer to

A|ddJv<* 1 louie, that their Address of , the 27th Hay of

heVie* March last, to express the Approbation of this House, German War. of the Attention which has been lliewn, as well to the Iutercll as to the Honour of these Kingdoms, in the Examination and final Liquidation of all unsatisfied Claims and Demands, on account of the late Wat in.

Germain1; and to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciondy pleased to bellow such Rewards on the Per-. fons employed in executing the CommilTton established for that Purpose, as llis Majesty shall think proper, according to their respective Merits and Services; and to alfure His Majesty, that tins House will make good such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be issued of that Account; had been prefeuted to llis Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He has great Satisfaction in the Approba-' tion expressedby His faithful Commons, of the Attention which had been shewn in the Examination and final Liquidation of the said Claims and Demands; and that He will bestow such Rewards on the Persons who have been employed, as He shall think proper, according to their respective Merits and Services, agreeably to the Desire of this House.

hllfitia Pay and

Clothing.

American Colonies; Account of Duties.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining uni (Tiled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765.

Ordered, That there he laid before tins House, an Account of the gross Produce, from the 29th of September 1764 to the xoth of October 1765, so far as appears by the Accounts which have been received, of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and by an Act made in the 4t.l1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies in America, and for continuing,

amending, and making perpetual the said Act; distinguishing each Colony, the Species of the several Goods, and the Monies which have been paid out of such Duties for Incidents.

Militia Pay and Clothing.

American

Colonies.

Mr. Onjlozv presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothkig of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twen-ty-fifth Day of March one thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of Britain

called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia: and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of Febrli-

ter, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the opening a convenient Port or Ports in the West Indies, for the Importation of Cotton, and other foreign Produce* would be a Means of extending and improving the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying, That Provision may he made, for opening such Port or Ports for the Reception of such Goods to be brought in foreign Bottoms, under proper Limitations and Redactions.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to he referred to the Considerution of the said Committee.

Then the lioulc resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had further heard the Merchants of London, trading to North America, upon their Petition, and examined fevie-ral other Witnesses; and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again. ’

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary 1 cay, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, xoth, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21 ft Days of February last, by His Majesty’* Command.

American

CotowM-

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttlaoorthhave Leave to make

a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And presented to the House, a Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the permitting the Importation of Cotton,-Wool, and other Goods, of the Growth of America, in foreign a9 well as British Ships, into some of the British Blands ill the West Indies, would be a Means of extending and improving the Trade of Great Britain, and be particularly beneficial to the Manufactures of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make speh Provision for the opening One or more Port or Ports for tiiofe Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

Americtn Colonies;

Ports.

Ditto.

ary last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by' whom it is referred to consider further of the several Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, xoth. Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. 19th, and 2 ill Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Secretary Couzcay, upon the-14th, 2 2d, 27th,28th, and Command; 3ift Daysof7»«fftyIaft> and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and

APetition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of of the Society of Merchants Venturers, of the City of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exelxeqyer,

upon

6 Geo. III.

8° Apri

7°5

ijft i Hum?*?’ ' vh ar"^ Days of February The Amendments following were fevci ally proposeil Inlt, by His Majesty s Command. to be made lo the Bill;

Pr. 6. 1. 38. To leave out " One," and insert " Two" instead thereof.

1. 38, 39. To leave out " Seventh and One " Half Part," and insert " l'tfteenth Parts" inilead thereof. And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

That the Bill do pass -. And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of /, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marthy 8° j

Anno 6* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 17C6.

Prayers.

Silk A Petition of several Matter Silk Weavers, inhabiting Manufacturf. ±\_ and near the City of , was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that Application has been made for an Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of these Kingdoms; and representing, that the said Manufactures are at present in a declining Situation, owing to the Importation of Foreign Silks; and that many tliou-lands of Manufacturers are now out of Employment, and a much larger Number must inevitably be discharged very soon, if an effectual Stop is not put to such Importation, which has considerably increased the hi ft Year: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as the Nature of the same may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailifis, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, is referred.

Soar

Rivn*

Navigation.

A Bill for making the River Soar navigable, from the

River Trent, to or near luonghborough, in the County of I^cicejicr; and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near the Russes, and the agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Burgh o( Lauder, \n the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn, was read the Third Time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn.

Ordered, That Mr. Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Robert Brice, Esquire, and his Heirs, to

take and use the Name, and bear the Arms, of mill, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegation9.of- the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bilfto the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath

Lauder

Road.

Brice’s

Name.

Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough, aforesaid; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Brudcnell, Mr. Darker, Mr. Hunter, Lord G rcy, Mr. Sh iff her. Sir John Palmer, Mr. JVilfon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ilcuett, Mr. Mr.

Kymjion, Mr. Keck, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Sir

Jarrit Smith, Mr. Grey, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Parker,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr,

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fordividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Mcadows, Failures, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Beeford, otherwise in the

Sir Joseph Mazcbey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tracey, Mr . Herne, County of York, without any Amendment: And also, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Alderman Ilarley, Sir Alex- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aci under Grant, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Montagu, Mr. for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Fitzherbert, Sir Edmund IJhant, Mr. Boone, Mr. Garth, Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Brodnop, in the Sir George Colcbrooke, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, without any Ellis, Mr. Dyjbn; and all the Members who serve for Amendment: And also.

Bcrford

Inclosure.

Bradnop Inclosure.

\C

CountefWiorpe

Inclosure.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Countrjlhorpe, in the County of Leicef- for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, ter, w as read the Third Time. Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Parish in the County of Lincoln, with-

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common out any Amendment: And also.

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Parish of Countejihorpe, in the County of Leicester. enable the most noble William Duke of Dev to

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Blaby

Inclosure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blaby, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 30.

take, in England, the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the Enjoyment of the said Office; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Leases of their Estate, in the Parish of Saint Olave, South-

8 R wark,

Hinton in the Hedges inclosure.

Grimoldby

lndoure.

Duke of Devonshire'i Qualification Bill.

Dean and Chnpttr of Canterbury*! Estate/

70 6

8° A prills.

A. 17 66*

toark; to which the Lords this House.

desire the Concurrence of

Newcaffe under Line Road.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Rond lending from the Floodgates, upon the Mill Dam, in or near the Town of Neucastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Clioffer, near the Town of Namptzrich, in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Duller, Lord Grey, Mr. /to//, Mr. Burrell, Sir George Servile, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Fanner van, Mr. Jennings, Mr Darker, Mr. Toionjhcnd, Mr Gray, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Garth, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Ihtjke, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Montagu, Sir Joseph Maivbcy, Ixml Brozvnloii) Bertie, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Wiljbn, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Byde, Mr. Edmonstone, Mr. Whiehcot, Mr. Bull, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Walter, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Mackay, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Laris; and all the Members who serve for the Coun-t ies of Stafford, Chester, Salop, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Corbv

inclosurf.

Ryton

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Refolied, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brozcn-loze Bertie, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. Parker, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Burrell, Lord Grey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gray, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Campbell, Sir Joseph Maze-bey. Sir George Savile, Mr. Toicnjhend, Sir. Whately, Mr. Dyson, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Leids, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Ful-ler, Mr. llarvey, Mr. Upton, Mr. Vanfillart, Mr. Alderman llarlcy, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir. Craven, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Holt, Mr. Ha.ce!t, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ihtjke, Mr. Fifzherberf, Mr. Darker, Lord Coleraine, Lord Orwell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Montagu, Lord Strange, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Gilbert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Northampton, and Leicester: And they are to meet th is Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heaths, and Waste Lands, or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Township of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received *, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee l*ad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Nealhercoat, who is possessed of One Quarter of a Yard Land, William Jordan, who is possessed of Four Acres and a Half, Thomas Thornton, who is entitled to Four Cow Commons, and Samuel Glover, to Twenty Sheep Commons and Two CowFailures in the said Fields; that the whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed, confill of Thirty-one Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committcehad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wereOnce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them weredifagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lubnam

IncUlurc*

mgrofied.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Leases of their Ellate in the Parish of Saint Clave, Southwark, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury’*

Estate.

Duke of Devonshire’i

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the most noble William Duke of Devonshire, to

take, in England, the Oath of Office of High Treasurer ‘ ‘ of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was read the First Time.

Rtjblved, "That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Breadalbane Ordered, That Mr. Edmonstone be added to the Gen-Exchange. t|enieti# who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fenian and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

Ditto. Mr. Edmonstone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fenian and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John

A Petition of the Coal Fitters, and Owners or Masters of Ships, belonging to the Port of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, also of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the said Port, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in, to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland; and alleging, that there is no Oeca-fion for the Provisions of the Bill with respect to Sunderland, Coal Ships having at all Times been regularly loaded there in Turn; and that any Law, which may be made for altering the present Method of carrying on the Coal Trade of Sunderland, will be attended with many Inconveniences, and cannot, as the Petitioners apprehend, be fully complied with by them: And therefore praying. That, in case any new Law should be made to alter the present Method of carrying on the Coal Trade, the same may not extend to Sunderland; but that the Coal Trade there may be carried on in the same Manner as it now is; and, in case such a Bill should be brought in, that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as it relates to the Port of Sunderland, or have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that tliev do admit Counsel to be heard, at tIn-same Time, iu Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Moil age

Tyne

River-

8°

Duties on

Cyder

and

Perry.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer

Aldcroft’s

Divcrce.

Surrey

and

Suilt'.e

Roads.

Berkley

Square.

Surrey

and

Sussex

Roads*

6 Geo. III.

7°7

A MelThge from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Citddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry, by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually feenring the Duties on Cyder and Perry, imposed by several former Acts, without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer lSills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-lix, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dif-solve the Marriage of Charles Gentleman,

with Sarah Sheuell, his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

Mr A Merman Harley reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution i’o much of several Acts of Parliament, made in the Four! h, Sixth, Tenth, and Eleventh Years of the Reign of KingsAwg." the Eirll, and in thcTcnth and Twenty-fifth N ears of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties Kent,

and Su/fex, therein mentioned, as relates to repairing the

Road from Xen ingfon, through Camhencell, in the said

County of Surrey, to Xeiccroj's,in the County of and Ibr repairing and widening the Road from bcncoli Green, to the Fox under the Ilill, in the Parish of Camberwell;and allb the Petition of the Inhabitants

of Dtdxcich, in the County of Surrey, whole Names

are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the1 Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

And the House being informed that fonie further Examination is necessary to be had upon the said Petitions;

lle/olccd, That the said Report he re-committed.

Rejoiced,'Xhat the said Report he rc-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

An ingroHed Bill for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of cllrfev, was read the Third Time.

1 he Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2i. 1.12/ To leave out "the major Part of

" them, provided the Number of " Trustees present he," and insert " any" inllead thereof.

I.14. To leave* out " at the least," and insert " or more of them" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question feverailv put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning Berkley Square, in the Parish of George, Hanover Square, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Peter Burrell reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Vox.. 30.

Freeholders residing in or near the Parishes of Crci/don and Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and behead the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Aloys said, That the Road from the West End of Stroud Green, through Adijcomb Street, to Croydon, over II addon Mar/h, and Mitcham Common, to the

Turnpike Road at Mitcham, is very bad and narrow, and cannot he repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

A Member present confirmed Mr. Aloys's Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Iiiftruetion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament made in the Fourth, Sixth, ami Tenth Years of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several lioads from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southxcark, to several Places in the Counties of and Sujj'ex, and for enlightening the said Roads, and establishing a regular nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southxcark, and for repairing the Road from Bottom, to

the End of II odea Lane, and from through

Garrat, to Tooting, is committed; that they have Power (o make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the West Find of Stroud Green, through Adijcomb Street, to Croydon, over Haddon Mar/h and Mitcham Common,

to the Turnpike Road at Mitcham.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are WiMenFerrv thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of 00 the Trine Lands or Grounds, lying near the River Weaver, and R;ver

which run from Winsfonl Bridge, to the River Canah

at or near a certain Place called Rancorne Gap, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have fc-en and perilled a Bill, now depending in the House, for cutting a Navigable Canal, from the River Trent, at or near /Vilden Feny, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of and are in-

formed, the said Canal is intended to be cut through the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Persons, situate and being between Wins ford Bridge, and the River Merj'ey, aforesaid, which will be very pre-

judicial to their Estates; and that the River Weaver, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, has been made navigable from Winsford Bridge, to Fro Bridge, in the said County of Chester, from which Place there is a natural Navigation by the Flowing and Reflowing of the Tide of the Sea to the Port of Liverpool; and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that the making of the said Canal any farther than If insford Bridge aforesaid, or Xort/ncic/t, in the said County, will not be of any Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Conn lei, again!! such Part of the said Bill as may aftect their Property, and that they may have liieh Relief in the Premises, as to the House iliail teem meet.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Ditto. lying between Appleton and PrejlonBrook, in the County

of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was allb presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the Ri-ver Merj'ey; that the Petitioners, to their great Concern, have been very lately informed that the Estates of the Petitioners are intended to be cut through, in order

to

708 8° Apr His. 1766.

Widen Ferry to answer Purposes entirely foreign and uncffentiul to Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the real Deiign of such Canal, as the Fltates of the ingrossed.

Mcrfcy River ^>el'tioners do not lie in that Course of the Country

Canal. as is necessary t* be cut through, for the making of Mr. Tafnell presented to the House, according to Cotrincfam

theintendedCanal, between the 7Vc/^an<l the Metjey; Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining inclnfuie. and that the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that, if certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pad ares, in the the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the Last Riding of the County most grievous Manner, affect the properl it's of the of York: And the same was received; and read the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be FiritTime.

beard, by themselves or their Counsel, agaiuli the Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as

to the House shall seem meet. A Petition of the Merchants, and Manufacturers, in American

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Colonies;

subscribed, being Owners of Lands, lying near that Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Tndit Paii; of the River Weaver, which runs from Winsford ting forth, That the opening iome convenient Port in port*. Bridge, to Frodsham Bridge, in the County of Clujier, the West Indies, for the Reception of Foreign Ships was also presented to the House, and read; Taking laden with Cotton, and such other Grtods as may he notice of the Bill for making the said Cut, or Canal, used in the Manufactures of this Kingdom, would be from IVilden FeiTy, to the River Mersey; and fitting of great Advantage to the Public, and particularly to forth, That the Navigation of the River Weaver, be- the Inhabitants of that Town, and the adjacent Parts: tween Winsford Bridge and Frodsham Bridge, hath been And therefore pray ing, That Liberty may be granted completed many Years, and is now a good and sufficient to open one or more Port or Ports for that Purpose, Navigation, for all Uses and Purposes of the Public; and under such Regulations as to the House shall seem that the Petitioners apprehend it to be unnecessary and proper.

unreasonable, that the Lands adjoining, or near the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said River, between Winsford Bridge, and Frodsham Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

Bridge, aforesaid, should be cut through for making the to whom it is referred to consider further of the said Cut, or Canal, as the same may communicate with, several Papers, which were presented to the Ilonfe, and fall into the Navigation of the said River Weaver, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, iz<\, 27th, at Winsford Bridge aforesaid: And therefore praying, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th,

That the Trustees, or Undertakers, to be appointed in 10th, 17th, and 2ill Days of February last, and upon any Act of Parliament, for making the said intended the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of Cut or Canal, through the County of Chester, to t he the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19U1, and 2 ill Days River Mersey, may be restrained from making the of February last, by His Majesty’s Command, same through the Lands of the Petitioners, adjoining

or near to that Part of the said River Weaver, which A Bill for applying the Money granted in tlhsSef- Militia lies between Winsford Bridge and Frodsham Bridge fion of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the an* aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great 01 n* themselves or their Counsel, against such Part of the Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the said Bill, as may affect the Petitioners as aforesaid, and Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hun-that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, dred and Sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and as the House shall think proper. rendering more effectual, the several Laws relating to

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of lie upon the Table, until the Report be re- Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate ceived from the Committee, to whom the Bill to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exche-for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from quer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia; the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferr y, in was read a Second Time, the County of Derby, to or near Swarkstone Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

and Willington, in the said County, Hhichnor, ReJblvedJWvAt the Bill be committed to a Committee

Rudgley, Stone, and Burslem, in the County of of the whole House.

Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Montand AJlbury, in the County of Chester, and to ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House,

the River Mersey, is committed; and the Peti- upon the said Bill, tioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel,

against the said Bill, upon their said Petitions, The House was moved, that the Order, made upon WJM-nFeir? if they think fit. ‘ the 27th Day of March last, for taking into Considera- 011 fhc Trent

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at tion, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the ^River

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a Navigable Caaai.

said Petitions. Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden

Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkstone,

Walsworth Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the and Willington, in the said County, Whichnor, Rudgley,

Inclosure. adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made Stone, and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and from from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing the nce to or near Lawton and Ajlbury, \ 11 the County of and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Chester, and to the River Mersey, was committed, might Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walfworth, in the Parish of be now read.

Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, was committed, be And the same being read accordingly;

now read. Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of sideration upon this Day Seven-night, the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Army;

Second Time, upon the Question severally put there- whole House, upon the Bill to amend and render more upon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an D^aio^ were agreed to, by the House; and several Amend- Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, meats were made, by the House, to the Bill. An A & for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the.

6 Geo. III. 8° — 9° Aprilis. 709

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomdi Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered., 'J'hat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

'Valfalland Wedtiejbun/, and to Leigh Brook, and

Hill, and from Toll End, to Puppy Green, and Tipton Green; and from Puppy Green, to the Turnpike

Road, and from Poriway, to tile and

hampton Ruud, and front Church Bridge to Very Mills, and from WaIJ'alt Brook to Street, and from

Bloxzcich Chapel lo Bam Hales, ill in the County of Stafford; which Bill was; upon Monday laf’t, read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time; is not properly prepared;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave bo given to present a proper Bill inllead thereof.

l.ubaam

Inciofui*.

Bewdley

Canal

Wal (Worth Inclosure.

And then the House adjourned till To-raorro\V Morning, Nine of the Clock.

-i----- r-X~.-----

Mercurit, 90 die Anno 6* GeorgiiTIl1'1* Regis, 1766.

RATtt s*

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing- and mclofnig the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubfiam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cave do oarry the Bill to the Lordy and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to make and maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, at or near in

the County of Worcester, through to

Autherley, and from thence to or near in

the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grey, Mr. Montagu,\x>rAStrange, Mr. Bagot, Mr. fuller, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Buller, S i r Char Its Hardy, Mr. Coventry r Calvert,\lr. Darker, Si r Charles a at.

Lord Howe, Mr. IIuJke, S\r Robert LadMr. Howe,

Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Gore, Sir Edward Sir

Thomas Cave, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Cravat, Mr. Ship-tier, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Prefect, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Boone, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Ward, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Garth, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Wynn;

and all the Members tvho serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Derby, Warwick, Nottingham, Lincoln, Salop, York, Leicester, Worcester, Somerset, and Gloucester:. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Waljicorth, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of worth, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Byde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable 1 n-:

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton wold, otherwise Laighton Ecclesia, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ckarles Townjkend, Mr. Wytinf Mr. Hunt, Lord Allen, Mr.

Clayton, Lord Grey, Mr. Burton, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ryder, Lor A John dish, Mr. Pennant, Sir John Wynn, Sir George Savile, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ridley, Sir Joseph Maw-bey, Mr. Paterson, Lord Coleraine, Sir John Gibbons,

Mr. Tracer), Mr. Bagot, Mr. ShiftieMr. Cornewall, Mr. Sandys, Lord Strange, Mr. Harris, Mr., Lewis-,

Mr. Jennings, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Eatnes, Mr. Way,

Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Craven, Sir Charles MorduMr* Gore, Mr. Coventry, Mr^Ga/7/r;and all the Members who serve for the C ount ies of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, w tev Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, deviled by the Will of Sir William Clayton, Baro-' net, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be , committed to Sir John Griffin Griffin, Sir Charles Hard aunt, Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. San

Lord Strange, Sir Charles Hardy, Sir Jofefih Mawbey,

Mr. Hu/ke, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Fuller, Sir John

Gibbons, Mr Clayton, Mr. Montagu, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Whitioorth, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Gore, M

Waller, Mr. Vanftlart, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Plumer, Lord

Lijbume, Lord Burghcrfi, Mr. Drake; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Surrey: Arid they are to mdet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Clerk of this House had received Returns to the Order of the yr;ces of HoUfe, of the r,th Day of February lall, " That the Wheat, fee.Clerks of the Market at Oxford, , Win-

" chester, and Windsor, do forthwith transmit to the Clerk

" of this House, an Account of the bell Prices of Wheat and Alalt in the said Alarkets, on the Market Days next preceding Lady Day and each Year, from the Year 1660 to the present Time rind that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

Corner The House being informed, that the Bill for repair- Mr. Alderman Harley reported from t^e Committee, Surrey

<££r’ ing and widening the Road from Muckley Cornerf to to Whom the Report, which was made from the Com-

Road. Vot. 30. 8 S mitte*, Road*.

Surrey

and

Sulsex

Kouds.

710

90 Apri

.. A. 1766.

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution so much of several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, Tenth, and Eleventh, Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Suffer, therein mentioned, as relates to repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell, in the said County of Surrey, to New Cross, in the County of Kent, and for repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green, to the Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of Camberwell-, and also the Petition of thelnhabitants of in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were Severally referred; had been re-committed; That the Committee had received further Evidence upon the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the first mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read; whereby it appeaired, that the annual Sum of £. 260 was to be applied for repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, to New Cross, in the County of Kent; and for repairing and widening the Road from Cambencell Green, to the Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of Camberwell: And,

Mr. Richard Dodd, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed for the Care of those Roads, have duly applied the said Money, according to the Directions of the said Acts; and have borrowed and expended the farther Sum of £. 1,600 in repairing the said Roads, which now remains unpaid; notwithstanding which, some Parts of the said Roads are still ruinous and narrow, and that it will be impossible effectually to amend and widen the said Roads, and to keep the same in good Repair, unless a further Sum be allowed for that Purpose, and the Terms and Powers osso much o'f the said Acts, as relates to the Road from Newingtonto Neio Cross, and from Camberwell Green to the Fox under the Hill, are enlarged and further continued.

Mr. Samuel Watson confirmed Mr. Dodd's Evi-. dence.

And Mr. Roger Peck, Clerk to the general Trust, said. That the Tolls arising at the Gate at Walworth, amount to about £ 400 per Annum: And,

Mr. William Woodhouse, Collector of the said Tolls

at that Gate, said. That the People of Dulwich, Camberwell, Peckham, and Places adjacent, pay the greatest Part of the Money arising at that Gate; and that Persons travelling from the Borough of Southwark, pay nothing at the said Gate.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second Petition, Mr. William Levinz, and Mr. Robert Bcihall, said, That the Road from the Fox under the Hill, to the Green Man, near Dulwich Common, is in a ruinous Condition, and narrow in some Places, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the Tenth Year of his

Camberwell, to the Green Mannear in the County of Surrey; and for the more efieftuui-Amendment amj Repair t>f the Road from Newington, through Cambei\vell, in the County of Surrey, to

Cross, in the County of Kent , and from Camberwell Green, to tine Fox under the Hill, in the Parish of berwell, in the said County of Surrey and forcantinaing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of so much of the several Acts, made in the Fourth, Sixth, Tenth, and Eleventh Years of King George the First, and in the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Se-coud, as relates to the said Road from to

Neio Cross, and from Camberwell Green, to the Fox under the Hill.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee-, to whom Richmond

the Bill for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, D«treyj and for repairing the Highways, paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places, within the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey-, and for (hutting up a Road from the late Ferry at Kew, to Richmond Green, and for amending widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kew Bridge to Richmond; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Incroachments in the Streets, and other Places, within the said Towm; was commuted; That the Committee had examined the Allegat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee , . had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-upon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bt ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker be added to the Gentle* T men, who arse appointed to prepare, and bring in, a 8 ltou Bill for taking down and removing certain Light Spurs Point. Houses now (landing upon the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light Houses instead thereof.

Mr. Henniker presented to the House, according to Ditto. Order, a Bill for taking down and removing certain Light Houses, now (landing upon the Spurn , at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light Houses instead thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Traders, refulingin Newcastle under in the County of Stafford, and of several Gentlemen residing near to the said Borough of Newcastle under Line aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is now depending for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Floodgates upon the Mill Dam, in or near the Town of aforesaid, to the

Nercastle under Lint Hoad.

late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing fe- Turnpike Road leading from to near the

veral Roads from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to several Places in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and for enlightening the said Roads, and establishing a regular nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southwark; and for repairing the Road from Smitham to

the End of WooleyLanc, and from Wandsworth, through Garrat, to Tooting-, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Fox under the Hill, near 2 1

Town of Namptwich, in the County of and

alleging, that the Road leading from the said Floodgates, to the Bottom of a Lane in Newcastle aforesaid, called the Church Lane, is ruinous and out of Repair, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Method of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Road, from the said Flood Gates, to the End of the said Lane, called the Church Lane, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered,

6 Geo. III. 9* Jprilis, ?it

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the bitants of the said City; and therefore the Petition-Consuleration of a Committee: And that they do exa- eiv> hone it will by the House be- thought just, that it

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to tlicm, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Cholmhy, Mr. Sandy!, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Calvert, Lord 11 nice, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ba Mr. Alderman Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Eumes, Mr. Bid ley, I>ord Strange, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Jollifffe, Mr. Waller, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Tram/, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Darker, Lord Grey, Sir Charles MordauntM r. Sir Joseph

Mawbey, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Mr.- Gore, Mr.

Way, Mr. Coventry, Mr.1Shi finer , Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Craven, Mr. Harris, Mr.

and ali the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, Stafford, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

City of 'The House being informed, that One of the Sheriff* mf the City of London, attended at the Door; he was c* called in; and, at the War, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of , in Common Council

nifemhied.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read , Setting forth, That, 3>y a Bill depending in the House, for paving, cleansing, and Lighting, certain Streetsx Courts, Yards, and other Places, in the Borough of Soutine ark, and Parish of Newington, in the County of certain Tolls

-are proposed to be paid for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages through the Turnpikes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners have applied to the House for Powers to new pave, cleanse, and enlighten, the City of Ixmdon and.Liberties thereof, and to remove the fe«

veral ObstrucHons and Annoyances therein, and to have the Aid of a small l oll upon the several Roads immediately communicating with the Liberties of the said City; and that the hud Borough being the principal Outlet from the said City, to li e several Counties on the South Side of the River Thames, the same is in effect One of the Roads immediately communicating with the Liberties of the said City, and a very considerable Part of the Toll intended by the said first mentioned Bill will be paid by the Citizens and lnha-

reafomdde Proportion of such intended Tollfhoiildbe applied towards the proposed Improvements of the said City and Liberties: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consuleration, and to grant them such a Proportion of the said Toll* towards the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the said City-of London, and its Liberties, and removing Obit ructions apd Annoyances therein, or to grant them such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Paterjon, Mr. llervey, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr.

Darker, Lord Grey, Lord Strange,. Mr. CorncwalU Mr. Gray, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Butler, Sir Aji? thony Abdy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Sir Edmund Jsham, Mr. Lord Howe,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gore, Colonel Howe, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Hvjke, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr. West,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Craven, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Uplon, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Ongley, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

West, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Mack ay, Mr. Dufon, Mr. Staunton; and all the Members who serve for the City of London; and the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, Hertford, Kent, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hughfon, from Account; the Exchequer, attended at the Door j he was called Militia Pay in$ and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant ^clothing, to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining uniflued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 45th Day of March 1765.

And then lie withdrew

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; vizi

To the Honoiyable the flights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An -ACCOUNT of the Moniesremaining uniflued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer* of the Sum. granted in the left Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765;

T HE Monies remainingtmiffued, at the Receipt of the Fxchequeri of the Sum granted In the last Session of Parliament, fordefraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765, amount to Eighty thousand Pounds,.

Exchequer, the 9th; Day of April 1766. Johp Hug)Jim.

Vol. go. Ordered,

Amcncin

Colonies.

71 'I

Ordered, That Hie said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Hutch-vifoti, to Mr. Secretary ConwayBoston, 26 Dec. 1765. With a Duplicate of his Letter of 27 Oft. 1765.

9* — i o° Aprilis.

A. 1766.

1

unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referr to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said C<jm mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palcrfoii took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterfonreported from the Committee, That

Copy of a Letter from Governor Barnard, to Mr. they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

Secretary Conway.B.fton, Jan. 19, 1766.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Fremantle, to the Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing several Letters and -other Papers, sent by the Surveyor General and other Officers of the Customs in North America, to the Commissioners of the Customs.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other His Majesty.

Papers of this Session.

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterfonalfo acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

llefolved. That this llcufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to

ir-

Ml

‘ft

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed,* the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of tile Day being read , llefolved. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defray ing the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more efl’eftual, the several Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. '

American The Order of the Day being read, for the House to sump DutUs. ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America -, and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrossings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon unstamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

W«y* Xiie Order of the Day being read, for the House and Mnm. to ref0jve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the 31st December 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of, the Year 1765 have been disposed of, distinguished under the ft veral Leads, until the 3 ill Day of March 1766, and the Parts remaining

yovisy 10° die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii III1" Regis, 1766 Pi AY E K I.

MR. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- Harfcftoa cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclos- inclok|*' ing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harlejion, in the County of Northampton.: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for veiling Part of the Fee Simple Eftato of George late Lord Viscount Midletm, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in and for

making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bdl be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Fuller, Admiral Cotes, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Clive, Lord Allen, Mr. Prefcot,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Rajhleigh, Sir Edward Winnington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vane, Mr. Pennant, Mr.

Wynn, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Penton, Lord JBufg-

herjh, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Crew, Mp. Lowndes, Mr,

West, Sir George Savile, Mr. Rushout, Mr! Burrell, Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Craven, Mr. Bacon t

6 Geo. III.

io

Aprilis.

7i3

Straiton JjLjada.

Richmond

(Mtrr?y)

Poor.

con, Mr. Wedderburn, L.on\Frederick Campbell, Mr. Ca-

vevdish, Mr. Wil/bn, Mr. Ridley, Lord Grey, Sir Herbert

I Join/, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Damer, Mr. Shaft oe,

Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Mr. Long,

Mr. Prnj't Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Su/Jex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at

to Red in the Parish of Shelford, in the Ordered, That all have Voices, whocome to the Com- County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time, mittee, to whom the Hill for repairing, widening, and Rejoiced, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Town be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road lertd-

Arid the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the

Haverhill to

Red Craft Road.

o (Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, is committed.

An ingossed Bill for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places, within the Town and Parish of in the County of Surrey, and for (hutting up a Road from the

late llorj'e.Ferry at A 'etc, to Richmond Green; and for

ingfrom the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red CroJ's, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of

Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton do carry the

" Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, arid Freeholders, rc-siding in the Counties of Surreij and Su/fex,

amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice

of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament made for repairing several Hoads from the Stones End, in the Borough of South-loark, to several Places in the Counties of Surrey and and for enlightening the said Roads, and establishing a regular Nightly Watch, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southwark; and for repairing the Road from Smitham Bottom, to the End of Wooley Lane,

Surrey and Sufic* Roads.

from Ke:v Bridge to Richmond; and for removing and

preventing a!! Obstructions and Incroachments in the Streets ami oilier 'Places within the said Town; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 17. After " Five," to insert " or more."

20. 11. To leave out " any of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question and from through Garrat, to Tooting-, and

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and - - "

the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rijohed, That the Bill do pats: Amt that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the 1 Iiglnvavs, paving, derailing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incronchmeutstherein;and for (hutting up a Road from the late 1 iorle Ferry at Ke:o, to West Sheene Lane, near Richmond Green; and for amending and keeping iu Repair the Road from Kcw Bridge to Richmond.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delice their Concurrence.

Rlli

nd Rabbit Stealing.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill 10 explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more ciTeftual Preservation of Fish, iu Fish Ponds and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein, so far as it relates to the taking and doftroving of Fish in Rivers, is committed; that they have Power to receive aClause, or Clauses, to prevent the Pitting or Watering Flax in

setting forth, that the Petitioners conceive, that lighting and watching Roads are attended with great Expence, and only calculated for the private Convenience of Villages near London, whilst many of the Roads arc in a bad Condition, and not sufficiently repaired and widened:

And therefore the Petitioners hope the House will prevent so much of the said Bill taking Effect, as relates to lighting and watching any Part of the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account $ Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Debts. Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out at Christmas last, with the annual interest or other Charges payable for the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trtiftees appointed to put Wilden Ferry in execution an Act, to amend an Act, made in the on the Trent Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Mcrfety>Riv*v George the First, for making the River Weaver navigable. Canal, from Frodsham Bridge to Wins for Bridge, in the County of Chester, and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River; ana

Accounts; Sugar, 5tc.

running Streams, or in Ponds, Pools, or other Waters, also of several Persons who have advanced Money on

the Credit of the Tonnage of the Navigation of the said River, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees and Creditorsupon the said Tonnage of the said Navigation; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application has been made for a Bill

which communicate with running Streams.

The-Houfo being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursunnt to their Order,

' hi "

An Account of the Gi ol’s Produce, from the aqth of for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River September 1764 to the 1 othof October 1 765, so far asap- at or near Wilden Ferry, to the River Mersey;

pears by the Accounts which have been received, of the and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Pe-Duties charged by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of titioners apprehend, the Navigation of the said River the Reign of Hi.s late Majesty, for the better securing Weaver will be greatly prejudiced, by diverting the Wa-and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Co- ter from the same River, for the Supply of the said in-ionics in America, and by an Act; made in the Fourth tended Canal, and the Tonnage of the same River will Year of the Reign of His ]>resent Majesty, for granting thereby and otherwise be greatly lessened, and confe-certain Duties in the Bril i/hColonies in America; and quenlly the Security for the Mono\r, now owing on

for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, the said Act; distinguishing each Colony, the Species of the several Goods, an<\ the Monies which have been paid out of such Duties for Incidents.

And then he withdrew.

Yol. 30.

Mortgages of the said Tonnage, will be rendered precarious: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to restrain the diverting of Water from the said River Weaver, and to prevent the Navigation and Tonuage of the said River from being the reby

8 T of

714 io°

or othmvife prejudiced-, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counl'el, against such Parts of the said Bill, as may assess the said River Weaver; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against thf laid Petition.

A. 1766.

High Price of

Provisions.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster', whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read*; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly affected by the grievous Diflrefies under which the lower Order of People labour, through the exorbitant Price of Provisions of every kind, particularly Butchers Meat, arising principally, as the Petitioners apprehend, from the iniquitous Practices of Jobbers, Fore-stallers, and Engroffers, whereby several considerable Profits are unnecessarily and oppreflively made, to the great Grievance of the Petitioners, and more especially so to the poorer Sort of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine andftaie to the House the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Sir George Yonge, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Warkicorth, Nlv. Fuller, Mr. Rigby, Lord Pigoty M r. Hewctty M r. Fonnereau, Lord Mexborough , Nl r. Townjhendy Mr. Whichcoty Lord Winterton, Mr. Ellisy Mr. Norris, Sir John Hynde Cottony Sir John GriffinySir Jarrit Smithy Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. GrosvenoryNIv. Cooke, Mr. Vane, Mr. Rice, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Lord Gray, Sir Jo-feph Maicbey, Mr. Har r is y^w Robert Ladbroke, Sir John Delavaly Mr. Hunty Mr. Fonnercally Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dempjier, Mr. Coventry, Nt. Kynaston,bAx. Parker Edmonjtone, Sir Walter Placket, Mr. Toachct^bAv. Wedder-burtiy Mr. Clayton, Lord57rn/jgc, Mr. Cholmley, Nlr. Roberts y Mr. Viunfit tarty Mr. Shaftoe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Person*, Papers, and Records; and all who come are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Jones9YM[\i\re, and Margaret/a Maria his Wife, late Margaretta Maria Weller, Widow, and other the Devisees of John Manjon, Clerk, <ieceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Charlton, and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor, and also in the Parishes of Woolwich and Plumjledy in the County of Kent, wras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord IJf-bume, Mr. Cholmley, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Town/-' hendy Mr. Fonnereduf Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Shaftoe, Sir George Savile, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Vane, Sir Jarrit Smithy Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Coventry, Lord George Cavendifli, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fitzherberty Mr. Wedderbnrn, Mr. Rigby* Mr. Wilfvn, Mr. Dempjier, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. JE///s, Captain Hervey, Mr. Edmonjtone, Mr. Norris, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Ewer, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lozcndes,\jbv& Doivne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Suirey, and Suffix: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Jonr*

(ami othm) Leafing.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second reading of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Ilurf-ley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr. Prescot, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Toicnjhend, Sir John Delaval, Sir Joseph Mazebey, Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Vane, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Dempjier, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Tempijt. Lord Pigot, Lord Frederick Campbell, Lord Dozen e, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bidler, Mr. 7/w7i/, Sir Charles Mordaunty Mr. Butler, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. GaJcmjne, Lord George Cavendish, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr Thomas TozvnJhend, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcoty Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir George Colebrooke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lafcclles, Colonel Burgoyne, Mr. Shaftoe, Admiral Keppell, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Garth, Mr. Dy-son; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all w ho come are to have Voices.

Hursley

to

Andover

Road.

Marflott

Inclosure.

Hathcrop

Inclosure.

Smith's

Rftate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon: 9

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Mar-Jion, in the County of the City of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and allotting the old Inclosures, lying w ithin the Towniliipand Parish of Ila-therop, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Silvester Smith, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances aifecting the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the Firit Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

l7

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Com- WestmirGer missioners for putting in execution the several Acts of 1>avin£-Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the C»tv and Liberty of Westminster, and for the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of February lair, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might he again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City ami Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for other Purposes in the said A (‘is mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed

6G eo. III. i o' — i ]

refterl him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; c/z.

Resolved, That' it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards pay ing off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That One third Part of the remaining Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Kate of Four Pounds per Centum j>er Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Vifctual-ling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Intereli then payable in respect of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not. exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to redeem, and pay off, One-third Part of the Capital Stock of the said Annuities.

The said Uesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Redemption Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give No-of certain tree, that One-third Part of the remaining Capital Annmtiei. <^foc)< of .\nnuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in, and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, an<l paid off, on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the li.terest then payable in respect of the fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption, contained in the said Act.

Accounts; Ordered, That there be laid’before this House, an Window Account of the Grois and Net Produce of the Duties Duties. upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, from the Times such Duties were respectively laid, to the 5th Day of April 176-; distinguishing the Amount of each Duty in every Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Houses in England and Wales, having Seven or any greater Number of Windows or Lights, not exceeding 25, dillingiiishing how many of such Houses have the same Number of Windows or Lights, together with the Total Number of Windows or Lights in such Houses as contain more than 25W'indows.

Whitby Mr Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom *>,er* the Bi'l lor further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the First Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re, was committed; That the Committee had heard Cownfel upon the Petition of the Goal Owners and Coal Fitters of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the several other Coal Owners, and Goal Fitters of the said River, Port, and Haven; and had also heard Coun-fel, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Vol. 30.

° Jprilis. 715

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause " A," being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Clause " A," the other Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill,’being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^Shaftoe: } 34-

Tellers fertile Noes.j JJj; Mfy } 67.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

' The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Militia Pay whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money "JV. granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the m*’ Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britainc&MeA England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766, and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws, relating to the raising and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, n° die Apr His;

Anno 6® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing several Open and Barnetby LX Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, Inclosure. and Waste Grounds, within the Lord ship or Liberty of Barnetby upon the Wolds, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Which-cot, Mr. Way, Lord BrozonlowBertie, Mr. Hewelt, Mr.

Sundys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Toumjhend, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Craven,

Mr. Howe, Mr. DeGret], Mr. Montagu, YovAHowc, Lord Grey, M r. Wynne, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Ptuniptre, Mr. Shullleworth, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jennings, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Boone, Mr. Clayton, Lord North,

Mr. Pturner. Colonel Barre, Mr. Ward, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Caficall, Sir Edward Turner; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill

?i6

ii

Aprilis.

A. 17

Scothom A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arabic incloi'urc. Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, in the Parithcs of Scut horn and Sudbrooke Holme, in the County of Lincoln, wits read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed lo Lord Brou n* loic Bertie, Mr. Jennings Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Core, Mr. Wen/, Mr. Gray, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grey, Mr. DeGrey, Mr. Wynn, bl\\ Coventry,l.vvikGrey, Mr. A' i/naston, M r. G liberty\jon\ColcraiJiC, NI r. I monies, \ I r.

JI erectly Lord Mexborough, Mr. Cravcn,}\h\Fonnercau, Lord Pigott, Mr. Skuttleworth, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Seymour, Mr. OJzcaldy Mr. Karris, Mr. ihitf, Mr. Edmonstone, Sir Roger Xeiedigate, Mr. Wedded, I^ord Burg/icr/h, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Darker, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Shiftier, Mr. Fuller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, ForA*, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Surrey and Suflcx Roads.

Stratton

Road.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in or near the Parish of Dorking, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the Counties of Surrey and Sitfex, Were severally presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of King George the First, and the Tenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads, from the Stones End, in the Borough of Southwark, to several Places in the Counties of Surrey and Suffix; and for enlightening the said Roads, andestablishing a regular Nightly Watch thereupon, to a certain Distance from the said Borough of Southwark; and for repairing the lload from Smitham Bottom, to the Laid of Woo-ley Lane, and from Wandjicorth, through Garrat, to Tooting; and setting forth, that the Petitioners conceive, that lighting and watching Roads are attended with great Expence, and only calculated for the private Convenience of Villages near London, whilst many of the Roads are in a bad Condition, and not sufficiently repaired and widened: And therefore the Petitioners hope that the House will prevent so much of the said Bill taking Effect, as prays for lighting and watching any Part of the said Roads.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

regulating, and employing the Poor, within the P.mili o['Saint Mary, Whitechnyc75iuihe County o!’ Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true > ami that the Committee bail gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he road the Report in his Flare; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the*. Amendments were Once read througlmut; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

Colonel Howe presented to the House, according to Framework Order, a Bill to prevent the fraudulent Marking of Framework-knitted Manufactures: And the same was Manufacture, received; and read the First Tim«\

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to the Town of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall; and setting forth, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to the Petitioners, and several Persons having Estates in the said Counties: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by Coanfel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Whitechapel Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Poor. Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining,

A Petition of the Trustees of the First District of the TVn?a'e Roads comprised in an Act of Parliament, made in the ^oad. Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Roadleading from Pengute,\n the Parish of Westbury, to Latchet's Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavington-^nd other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, complaining, that the'Fruits of the Second District. havnmt been carried into execution, notwithstanding that acontiderable Sum of Money hath been offered to the Trustees, at some or One of their Meetings for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners are convinced that the carrying the same into execution, and repairing the several Roads within the said Second District, which hill remain in a ruinous Condition, would be very beneficial to the Country in general, as well as advantageous to the Tolls of the First District; and that, in order to facilitate so good a Work, the Petitioners are willing andr.lefirous that the said Two Districts may be consolidated into One Joint Trust, and that the Execution of the fame, and the Collodion of the consolidated Tolls, may be reposed in, or put under, the entire Management. and Direction of One Set of Trustees, which, the Petitioners are of Opinion, tvould tend to the more convenient and effectual Execution of the said Act, pro-, vided the present Term and Powers thereof hccularged: And therefore praying the House, to take the Prexnifes into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, by giving Leave to bring in a Bill for consolidating the said Trufis, and enlarging the said Term and Pow ers, or otherwise, as to the I Ioufe shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-sideration of the Committee, to w horn the Petition of the several Juliices of the Peace, Gentjgmen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of tins Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to AUWicvi whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Allhallows on the Wall, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish, anil for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodb ous, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ami found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Hereunto, which they had

directed

Church

(London.)

d

Royal AflTent tO Bills.

6 Geo III.

n

Aprilis.

717

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Waste Grounds, within the Parish' of in the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, County of with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon (he Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Kingccmmands thisHonourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of Hafdor and Walcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton Hafelor, in the Parish of , in the County of

Warwick.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, called Cuddingt or Bryn , in

the Township of Cuddington with , in the Parish of

Wcverham, in the County, of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and

Royal Afff nt Bills.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willington, in the to attend His Majesty. County of Derby.

And being returned; An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, Waste,

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended or Common, in thefeveral Townships, Villages, orHam-llis Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty lets of Upper Heioorth and in the

was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousaiul Seven hundred and Sixty-six.

An Act for repealing the Duties grauted upon Cider and Perry, by an Act made in the Third Year of His

County Palatine of Durham.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Little. Harwood, in the County of Bucks.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish of

present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting other Duties , in the County of York.

on Cider and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more efiec- An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and tually securing the Duties on Cider and Perry impol'ed Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Kcdding'-by several former Acts. ton, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for discontinuing the Use of several Roads An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corn-leading into and over Fisher.dc 'k Park, in the County of mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common, and Waste ^7a^rd, and forbuikliiigandmaintaiuii)gapublic Bridge Grounds, within the Township of otherwise

cross the River Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the said County, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge to Hademore Gate, in the

Road leading through Whittington to Jdtchfield.

An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers

Beeforth, in the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of nop, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- the Parish of llinton in the Hedges, in the County of tituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Done after, Northampton. y

through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Cross;and also from Ferry Bridge, to Weatherby, and Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable

from thence to Borough Bridge;in the County of York;Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldby, in the County of

as to so much of the said Act as relates to the said Roads Lincoln. from Done after, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Baudry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham; and from Little Drayton, to Txdford Bridge, in the said Comity.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the ‘Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of

M ailing Street, nearthe Town of Lei ces, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending tin?Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the Welt End of the Turnpike

Road leading from the Turnpike Road oh Hurst Green,

through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and

from the said Broil Park Gate, to the Town of Battel, in the said County.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the of 'Cross, or Market Place, in the Town of IVinbom Min-

to the Croft or Market //«, intlw Townof Bland- That Mr. Thomas Mr. Thomas

Jord Forum, in the;Comity of Dorjel Tmafkeod, Junior, Colonel Hotham, Mr. Hwetl.Mr.

vA»Ael°r.bm.dmS u Bridge croU the HirerThames, be 10 ,he Committee, to trhom the Bill

from Jlu«rr/«, in the County of Saness, toLhetfea.m for dividing; and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, the County of . 1 defer. _ Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of JhzWrfnyfott, in

A" A" or the Support Prefer at, on of the Parish in the East Riding of the County of York,

C hiirch oi I olkcjlonr, and the lower Part of the town of - ® J

Folkestone, in the County of Kent. is committed.

An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Botolph,

Aldgute, in the City of London.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,'

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Vol. 30.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and alloting the old Inclosures, lying within the Township and Parish of Hatherop, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Mdrjton, in the County of the City of

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Sir John Chetwode, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for dil-

charging Incumbrances affecting the fame.

An Act to difl’olve the Marriage of Charles Aldcroft, Gentleman, with Surah Seioell, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for enabling Robert Brice, Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Name, and bear the Arms,

Pattrington

lacloiurc.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Fanners, and other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of North Petherwin, Werrington, and Giles in the Heath, in the County of Devon, and others, residing in

8 U and

Stratton'#

Roads.

718 ii° Aprilis. . 1766.

and near the several Roads therein after mentioned, was . hamshould pafc into a Law, and he effectually repaired,

presented to the House, mid read; Taking Notice of the which, by the great Extent of the Roads in the said Bill,

Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, fe- it is appreheuded will be impracticable, no Person that veral Roads leading to the Town of Stratton, in the travels from the said Town of to Wureham.

County of Cornwall; and setting forth. That the Peti- will even pass on any Part of the said Road, from the tioners have been informed it is intended, by the said Gate at Lauds-, until he is full Six Miles from the said Bill, to lay a Toil on all Carriages and Hoifes loaded Town of Dorchester: And therefore praying, That the with Sea Sand, Dung, and other Manure, for the Dress, said Bill may not pass into a Law , or that they may have hvg.&nd Improvement of Laikl -, and reprefeoting to the such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem House, that the Petitioners are totally destitute of all meet.

Manner of Manure for the improvement of their Land, That the said Petition he referred to the.

except Sea Sand, which is drove iu by the Sea: And Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for therefore praying, That all Carriages and Horses loaded repairing several Roads leading into the Borough of with Sea Sand, Dung, Lime, and other Manure for Ln- Wureham, in the County of , is committed, prevement of Land, may be permitted to pass, Toll-

free, through all such Turnpikes as shall be erected by , That Mr. William Najli do, upon Monday American

virtue of the said Act; or that they may have such other Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Colooiei. Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the several Papers, which were presented to the House,

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. by Mr. Secretary Conn-ay, upon the 14th, zzd, 27th,

28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th,

The House being informed, tint feme of the Com- 17th, and 21st Days of February lall, and upon the 3d wrissioners of Taxes attended at the Door-, they were Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Ex-called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- chequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of suant to their Order, February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Account*, An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Duties upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, from the The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in Preventing lfcc°W* ^*mes hich Duties were- respectively laid, to the 5th the 4th Year of the Reign of King George the First, in- Robbery. Day of April 1765; distinguishing the Amount of each tituled. An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Bur-Duty in every Year: And also, glary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual

An Account of the Number of Houses in England Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of and Wales, having Seven or any greater Number of Wool, and for declaring the Law, upon feme Points "Windows or Lights, not exceeding 25, diilinguishing relative to Pirates, might be read, how many of such Houses have the same Number of And the same being read accordingly;

"Windows, or Lights, together with the Total Number Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to «f Windows or Lights in such Houses as contain more extend the said Act to that Part of Great Britain called than 25 Windows. Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more cffec-

And then they withdrew. tual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Yluir-

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the burn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the united King-

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. dom: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

The said Accounts are preserved among the other and Mr. Elliot, do prepare, and bring in, the

Papers of this Sessions. fame.

Army; An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual,

Mutiny in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed

in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act uetertwn. for punifljing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army Und their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ' be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishingMutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay-men of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wtrekam A Potition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Road*. Town of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have received a printed Copy of a Bill, now before the House, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Borough of W , and the Isle of Purbeck, in the County of Dorset-, and that th<? Petitioners find, that the Road, as intended by the said Bill, from the Town of Wareham, to the said Borough of Dorchester, will be carried far out of the direct Road;

and that the said Turnpike Road, in the Direction in the said Bill, and the Turnpike Gate at Louds, will be, if it shall pass into a Law, very injurious to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Dorchester-, and if the said Turnpike between the said Tow ns of Dorchester end Ware-

*7

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to and

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Meanr. Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Alorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning next, Nine of the Clock,

Cioogre

6 Geo. III.

14

Harleston

inclosure*

7*9

Borough of Pfewcq/He aforesaid, Is referred:

Aud that they do exaraipe the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

A Petition of Esquire, was presented to

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in in the Parish of

Kettlethorp, in the County of Lincoln; and that the Petitioner is seised of a Copyhold Estate of Inheritance, in the said Township of Laughterton, and is consider-Parish of Har left one, in the County of Northampton, ably interested in such Division; but upon his inspecting

Lunce, 140 Aprilts; Anno 6° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1766*.

Kettlethcrp

Inclosure.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields.Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Walie Grounds, within the Manor and

was read a Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fre* derick Montagu, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mr

Sir George Savile, Mr. Campb, Mr. , Mr.

TVhichcot, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. , Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Coventnj, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Lowndes,

the said Bill he finds it is brought to extend the Powers and Provisions of a former Act, for the Division df Lands in the Township of F, unto and over the said Open Lands, Meadows, and Free Common's, i^ the Township of Laughtertonand that the Petitioner, being a Stranger to the Division of Fenton, had it not

Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Shiffher, Lord Grey, in his Power either to make his Objections to that

Mr. John Pitt, Colonel Howe, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Foley, Mr. Conicwall, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, Mr.

Paterson, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Sir John Gibbons., Mr. Bootle, Sir Robert Ladbrokes, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Ofuald, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Tufnell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, Derby, Nottingham, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Act, when passed, or to name a Commissioner to act for him in the present, little suspecting that it was the Intention of the Lord of the Manor to take thib Method of moving for a Division of; the

Petitioner therefore humbly apprehends he cannot, without Injury to hitqself, and other Proprietors, con-lent that the Act for the Division of Fenton fiioutd be extended unto and over the Division of Laughtertoh: therefore praying, That he may be heard, by

Framework-

knitting

Goods

And tiieretqre praying,

himself. or his.Counted, against the passing of the said A Bill to prevent the fraudulent Marking if Frame- Bill; and that he may have ftiqh Relief in the Plretnifes

work-knitted Manufactures, was read a Second Time. M Retailed, That the Bill be committed to Colonel

M»nuf;,aory. Mr Sandys, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Townshend, Lord Grey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ijjwndes, Mr. Corncivall, Mr.

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon thb Table.

Newcastle under Line Road.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Qtwand Mr. Rest, Mr Fitzherbert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. to enable the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to granf Chapier

Rice, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Edmarfftone, Lord Horce, Mr. Leases of their Estates, in the Parish of Saint canterbury's.

Pennant, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Plumplre, Southwark, was read a Second Time. Estate.

Mr. Darker, Sir Joseph Maicbey, Mr. Eiver, Mr. Hop- Re That the Bill be committed to Mr. B(J^, kins, Mr. Tufuell, Mr. Stauntim, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Pict, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Cooper.,

Mr. Meynell, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Foley, Mr GoMr. Kynaston, Mr. Knight, Mr. Gray,

Mr. P ref cot. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Lowndes, Mr. Lynch, Lord Grey, M r. Corriewall^wBrook Bedford, Mr. Long;and all the Members who serve Bridges, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend, for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, Derby, York, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cholmley, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Mr. H Sir Mr. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Prefect, Mr. Rice, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Calvert,

Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Lord

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parities Ortvell, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Sir Armine of Bellcy, Chesterton, Audley, and Balterley, in the Wodehouse, Mr. Darner, Mr. Sturt, Mr. aiyi

County of Stafford, was presented to (he House, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceive, by Surrey, and Sufferand for the Cinrjue Ports: And the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for a Bill they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocf, for repairing the Road from the Flood Gates, upon a in the Speaker’s Chamber, certain Place called the Mill Dam, in or near the Town

of Newcastle, through Keel, and over Medley Heath, to Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, ac-the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the the Town of Namptioich}and that the Road leading several Open and Common Fields, Common, Arable,

from Cluster ton, throughAudlcywnd Balter by, viKxcfovtVX Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, and Commonable communicate with the Road leading from Keel, through Lands, within the Parish of Harbury, in the County Bet ley, to Namph rich, at a Place called Ghosty Hill, is of Warwick: And the same was received; and reajj

Harbury

Inclosure.

in a very ruinousCondition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the' Laws npw in being: And therefore praying. That Provisioii may be made, in the said intended Bill,

the First Time.

Rtjolved, That the Riil be read a Second Time.

1

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

for carrying the said Road through Betley to Namptwich, mon Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, Com

Rrton

Inclosure*

and for repairing the said Road from , through

Audleyawl Balterley, to Ghosty HiU., in such Manner and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Traders, residing in Newcastle under L, in, the County of

mou Pastures, Common Grounds, Heaths, and Waste Lands, pr Grounds, in the Hamlet of Township of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkingtoh, in the County of Warwick, was read a Sedond Time.

fyfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Grey, Mr. Vane, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Shiftier, Mr.

ford, and of several Gentlemen residing near to the said Ridley, Mb Edmonffone, Mr. , Mr.

Vol. 30. Mr

j2

‘140 Aprilis\

A. 1766.

Mr. Townfltend, Mr. Ew&r, 'Mr. Sir Joseph

Mawbey, Mr. Lmtmdei, Lord Grey,' Mr. Fitzhabcrf, Mr. Kyuajton, Mr. Pryfe Campbell, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Damer, Mr. Hujke, Lord Robert Bertie, General A'Court, Mr. Lewis, Mr Mr.

nell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. Hezvett, and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Salop, Chester, and And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Smith* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act liftate*. for veiling part of the settled Estate of John

Smith, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chohn

fal, Mr. Kynaston, Ijord Coler Mr. liewett, Sir John

Gibbons, Lord Catherbugh, Sir Charles Sir

John Hyade Cotton, Lord Mexborough, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Bedford, Lord Pigot, Mr. Palerjon, Mr. Grenville, Lord MountJtuart, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr.

Pitt, Lord Garlies, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Wynn, Sir Ybnge, Lord Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grey, Sir Geoi-gc Savile, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Hopkins, Sir

Roger Neiodigate, Sir Jar Smith, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hujke, Mr. Alice, Mr. Thomas , Lord Sir

Armine Wodehoujfe, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Wood,

Mr. Shuttlcioorth, General Whitmore, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Nugent-, and all the Members who serve for the-Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wareham Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Raadt. whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the Borough of Warcham, in the County of Dorset, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, and the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, iii the Neighbourhood of the said Town of Wareham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, assembled at the Assizes held at Dorchester, in and for the County of Dorset, the 13th Day of March 1766; to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the ‘ Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the ^Committee had, gone through the Bill, and made feve-

ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Resolved, That the Paid Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

City of Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accord-London; ng to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render new treeu. more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, in-' , , tituled, An Act lot widening certain Streets; Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London and Liberties . thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the 'First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

% r

Glasgow Mr. Edmpn/lone reported from ;the Committee, to Roads w hom the Bill to cularge the Term and Powers of aa

Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Dif-trids of Roads, from Inch Bellie Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgozv to Luggie Water, Cumbernauld, and burne Bridge -, and for altering the CoUrfe of- the last-mentioned Diiiriftof Road; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered thq Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bin; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders,^and Ma> WHdcnFcny nufacturers, refidin" in the County of and Parts 001 ,e0 rc ,t

adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Mtrfey Ri»« behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the Canal. House, and read; Setting forth,' That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, fof . making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wildeti Ferry, in the County of the

River Mersey; and that the Petitioners also obferye, that several Petitions have been presented, setting forth, that the making the said Canal auy farther than IEiafford Bridge, or Northzvich, in the County of Chester, will

not be any Advantage to the Public, as the present Navigation of the River Weaver is sufficient to answer the Purposes proposedby the said Bill, so far as the said River runs parallel, or opposite, to the said Canal; and further setting forth,; that the Navigation of the said River Weaver is frequently obstructed by Floods, neap or low Tides, so as to render the Carriage upon it very uncertain and precarious; and, by these Delays, the Petitioners, and Numbers of other Persons in Trade, are prevented from receiving many of the Materials of their several Manufactures, and lending their Goods, when manufactured, to Market, in proper Time; and the Petitioners, and others, frequently ehoofe to have their Goods conveyed by Land, at a very great Expence, rather than by the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill, now depending.in the House, pafles into a Law, upon the Plan it is now formed, the Inconveniences above Hated will be remedied, as the River Mersey, where the said Canal is . intended to terminate, is Navigable by Nature, and neither subject to the Delays of Floods or neap Tides, and an cafy Communication will also be opened with the Town of Manchester, and several other large Trading Towns, and many other Advantages w ill arise to the Public which cannot he effected by joining the said navigable Canal w'ith the River Weaver at North-wick or Winsfordaforesaid: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in support of the said Bill, and that the same may pass -into a Law.

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, and Mrt-nufacturers, reftding in the County of and in

the Cities of London and Westminsterwhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was all’o presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as well as a great Number of other Persons, have fullered greatly in their Trade, for many Years, by the Badness of the Navigation of the River Trent, from Burton, in the said County of Stafford, to IVilden Ferry, in the said County of Derby; and that the said Navigation is greatly obstructed by Floods in Winter, and l v ti.e SCallows in Summer, so as to render the Carriage Goods upon it uncertain and precarious, and t.Lt ;he said

Navigation

4

6 Geo. III.

Navigation is insufficient to answc-r the Purposes of the adjacent Countries; and that the said Navigation isalfo a Monopoly in t lie Hands of a few Periods, who have greatly injured Trade by iheirCarelefliiefr.and opprelfed it by their Exactions; and that the Petitioners observe, by 1 lie Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a navigable Cut, from Ferry aforesaid, to the

Hirer Merfiy, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will remove many of the Inconveniences before-mentioned, and be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That the same may pass info a Law, under Inch Regulations as to the House shall seem proper; and that they may also be heard, in Support of the said Bill, and of this Petition, in such Manner as the House shall think lit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near 111 Idea , in the County of Derby, to or near and

H’illington, in the said County, by. Stone, and in the County

ford, and from thence to or near and

Ajibury, in the County of Chester, and to the River Mersey, was committed, be taken into Considerat ion.

Adilcrbury Mr. Thomas Tozcnfiiend, junior, presented to thelloufe,

loctoture. according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields and Commonable Hands, in the Parish of in the County of

Oxford, commonly called and known by the several Names of Addedntry, Coalfield,

WesIfield, Miltonfield, and and of several

other odd Pieces of Open or Commonable Land, adjoining or belonging to the fame, or otherwise used therewith: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cumberland, Wcflinordandi I.ancaster, and Lincoln

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to Blaeraveh whom the ingrossed Bill from the Ixirds, intituled, An Glutei1 Act for vesting several Copyhold Eliates of Ann Bla-grave, Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising the reby, in the Pur-cliale of other Eliates, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Copyhold Eliates stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

BeJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Fi/zherbert reported from the Committee, to Derby whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery ^ebw. of small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whuby An ingrossed Bill for further continuing the Dufy

ltr>* of One Farthing perChalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the First of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of and for better regulating the Shipping the re, was read the 'lliird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Chalde r on Coals, granted by an Act of the First of Queen Annand revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jnelofor«m Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham ,in the Fall Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nell, Mr. Foncreau, Mr. Ilopkins, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Fi/zroy, Lord Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ton Air. Fitzlierberf, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fiver, Mr. Gilbert, Sir George Warren, Mr. Wynn, Lord Strange, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mr. Alderman

ford, Mr. Edmonfone, Mr. Sir John Turner, Sir

George Yonge, Mr. Shuttleieorth, Mr. Sir An

Wodchov/e, \lr.Wood; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Vojl. 30.

A Bill for taking down and removing certain Light Humber Houses, now standing upon the Spurn Point, at the LightHouse* Alouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and spurn* Point convenient Light Houses inllead thereof, was read a p °n Second Time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. '

M r. Gore, ATr. FAmonfione, Sir George Mr. Gray,

Air. OJ'wald, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Grey, Mr Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Lord Grey, Mr. Air. Upton,

Air. Montagu, Sir James Lowther, Mr. , Air.

White, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Price, S\r Joseph MaiobeyNlr. Kynaston, Mr. Wynn, Air.

Drake, Lord Cathcrbugh, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Lowndes,

Air. Tufnell, Mr. Houbbn, Mr. Bull, Mr. Alderman

Harley, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Patcrfon, Mr. Shuttleivorlh, Mr. Dawkins, Sir George Yonge, General Whitmore, Mr. Knight, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brand, Mr. Craven, Air.

Willoughby, Mr. Long, Mr. Burke, Air, Pratt, Air.

Touchet, Mr. Prefcot, Mr. Paterson; and all the Members who serve for the County of York; and for the Sea Coall Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands streadaltane’s of Fernan and Lir, in the County of Perth, for other Exchange-Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Brcadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the County of Perth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow 8 X Seven-

722

14° Apr

A. 17 66.

Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of whole House, to coaiider further of the said Bill.

Hut iky

to

Andovrr

Road.

Mr. Vanfillart reported fromthe Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to tlu^House; and tie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was rend; and is as followeth *, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Frederick Cowjlad, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road from the Sign of the Gun, near Newbury, to the Tow u of Newbmy, and from the Town of Newbury to Chilton Pond, in the Parish of Chilian, in the County of Berks, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in Newbury aforesaid, to the Extremity of the Coupty of Berks, at Newtown River, in the Road towards Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurf-ley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the Sign of the Gun aforesaid, to the Town of Newbury, and from the Town of Newbuiy to Chilton Pond, and from the South End of Bartholomew Street, in Newbury, to the Extremity of the County of Berks, at Nexvtirwn River.

the Ordered, That it bean Iuitruction in th- Cmnmiftee, to whom the Bill for draining and prefen xu* Si ret ham Common, in the Parish of St ret ho in the /,<v ,f Tdy, m

the County of Cambridge, ;u;d for the budding of Bridge over the River Ouze, between the said Common and other Commonable Pen Lands, in tie- laid Parish, is committed, that they have Power to receive a CiauiV , or Clauses, for impowering the CommissionUYs for Minting in execution an Act, parted in tin? Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majtliy, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, to raise a further Sum of Money by an Acre Pax, for the more effectually carrying the said Act into execution *, and for reducing the Number of Cattle allowed by the said Act to be departure*! in the several Commonable, Waste, and Pen Grounds, in the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, in the County of Cambridge.

Stretham

inclosure,

Ac.

Sir John Ilynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the . County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, of the Fourteenth Year of his said late Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were impowered to raise an Acre Tax, of Two Shillings an Acre, for the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one, and One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, and for every succeeding Year, of One Shilling: Then,

Mr. Thomas Thompson, Col left or of the Taxes laid by the said Act, produced to your Committee, an Account, whereby it appeared that the Sum of One thousand Eight hundred Pounds had been borrowed upon the Credit of the Taxes, which now remains unpaid; mid that the Annual Expence of executing the Act, amounted, on an Average, to Twenty Pounds more than the Income of the Tax: Then,

Mr. William Wiles, being examined, said, That the Number of Cattle at present allowed to be depastured on the Commonable Walie and Fen Ground in Waterbeach, prescribed by the said Act, are much too great, for the Produce.

17

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tuptonnew inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tie* Bill, and found the same to he trueand 'that the Committee had gone through the 13:1 i, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Iloule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John 11 civet t. Eft pi ire, Lessee of all Tythes anting within the Parish of Walds, in the County of York, was presented to the Ilonfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for dividing and iucloling several Open Fields, Common or Walie Grounds, w ithin the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the said County of York; and that the Petitioner conceives* that if the Tythes, arising within the said Parish of Wales, wrere extiuguished, and a Composition or Tythe Rent established in lieu thereof, it would be for the mutual Benefit of the several Persons inlerested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to make Provision, by the said Bill, for that Purpose, in such Manner as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

MamficM,

&c.

Roid.

A (ton and Wales Inclol'urc.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, for repaving and widening the Hoads from Brimmington and Chester/i, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to t he several Places therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ami 'found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qnef-tiou severally put thereupon, were, with an Anietul-riient to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill

Br

and

Cheliertici

Rorttii.

CVn*v men's Orphan’s Chaticv

ElLtc.

Soutl'.wnrk

Srreeis.

Warcham

Road*.

Beverly

linster.

6 Geo. III. 14° Jpr. 723

A Bill to establish aProposal made by Jtable, Eft [Hire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Belief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming the lame, and effectually carrying the same into execut ion, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, refoke iil'olf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That, all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the High Street, Part of White Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of So u t hie art, and Parish of A ewington, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and allb certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining thereto.; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; is committed.'

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Dorset, and Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of and of the Borough and Town of in the said

County, a Hem bled at Dorchejic aforesaid, the 5th of April 1766, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have received a Printed Copy of a Bill for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Borough of Wareham, and the Isle of Pur beck, in the county of ;

and that the several Roads comprised in the said Bill are very extenfne, amounting, on a moderate Computation, to about Sixty-eight measured Miles; and that several of thoft* Roads are very little frequented, and that the Expence of making the said Roads and of putting the said Acts into execution, will coll upon a moderate Compulation J.i 5,000 and upwards, and that the Tolls arising from all the intended Gates in the said Bjll, will not difeluirge the Interest of the fame, cxelufive of the other Annual Expences attending the Execution of the said Act; and that no Public Meeting of the Gentlemen, Clergy, or Freeholders of the said County of

Dorset, or of the Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Dorchester, Warcham, or Corse has been had, to

know their Opinion of the Practicability or Utility of such Bill; but, on the contrary, that the Petition for such Bill was ligned by the inconsiderable Number of Fifteen Per foils only, very few of whom have any Property or Concern in the said County of Dorset, unci several of them never known or heard of by the Petitioners, until their signing the said Petition: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their ' Couufel, in respect to the fame, or may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the Borough of

Wareham, in the County of Dorset, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, agaiuli the said Petition.

Air. Titfnellreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for veiling certain Estates, in the County of Lincoln, in Trullees, and to enable them to appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trulls declared by the Will of Sir Michael Warton, Knight, deceased, for the

Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of S John, in in the

Vol. 30.

County of York, and for erecting an Organ in the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Report was read.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having A Meaibft taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Decla- take* °aths* ration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered, in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of his Qualification, and having taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refereed to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ninety-two thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds and Four PenceFarthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, pursuant to Redemption their Order to him ou Thursd aylaft, he had signified, ce??'n by W riting inserted in the London Ghzette, of Saturday nnuiuefc last, and affixed on the Roy at Exchange m London', oij.

Friday last, the Resolution of this House of last, " That One Third Part of the remaining Capital " Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds " per Centum per Annum, granted in inspect of certain " Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to a» Ad of the Third Year of His Majesty’s " Reign, be redeemed, aijd paid off, oil the ,25th Day " of December next, after discharging the lutecefl then " payable in respect of the fame."

The said Notice inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange, is as followeth;

viz.

A Resolution and Order of the House of Commons.

Jovis, 1 of die A frills, 1766.

Refolded, That One Third Part of the remaining Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursuant to an Act of ,sche. Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the - Interest then payable in respect of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, that One Third Part of the remaining Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per

Centum,

7*4

14° Apr

A. 1766.

Amencm

Colonies.

Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled, pursunut to an Act of tlicThird Year of His Majesty’s Reign, will be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th Day of December next, after discharging the Interest then payable in respect of the fame, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the said Act.

Which Resolution and Order, thusfignified and published by me, are to be fit flic ient Notice of the Rc-pay-tnent of One Third Part of the Principal Sum, for which the said Annuities were eiiabliihcd, and of the Redemption of so much of the said Annuities as are attending on the said Third Part.

x 1 April 1766. Ciift, Speaker.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 id Days of February lad, and upon the 3d Day of March lad, ind by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 id Days of February lad, by His Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

American The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SumpButkS‘ resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur, Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrafting, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Undamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies and Plantations

in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrofiings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon Undamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money;

* ~ Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Account of the Money ad'.-a need, during the Three Years ended the 25th Day of March lad, by the Receiv-

.....' T- 1 Tax, and the Manner in

difhurfed, for the Pay and each County,

ers General of the Land which the same has been Clothing of the Militia; and each Year.

didingui thing

Militia Pay and Clothing.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the

Mr. Cuoke reported from the Committee, to vvltom silk the Petitioa of the Baililfs, Wardens, A(liliaiits, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Master Silk Weavers, in and near the City of London; were ievcrally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fart contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s l uble.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as fulloweth; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. John Sabatier,a Silk Weaver, in Spitlal Fields',

That the Importation of French and Wrought

Silks had for many Years been a great Discouragenient to the British Silk Manufacture: and that greaterQuan-tities of loch Foreign Silks hav e been lately imported than heretofore.

That great Numbers of Silk Weavers are now out of Employment; and that the Witness liimself has now several Looms unemployed: — That tali Summer, upon a Promise of the Mercers not to import any Foreign Silks, he had set several Looms to work, which he had since been forced to lay down.

That the Quantity of Goods which he used to manufacture for the Spring Trade, which were plain Silks, is much deereased, and the Manufacture, which employs many thousand Hands, will fall to decay without some Relief from Parliament.

That lad May he employed 70 Men, and the Year before about 80; and now lie employs only 48: That during the late War the Silk Trade was very brilk, and fmee the Peace it has declined very much; which he attributes to the Importation of Foreign Silks: — That the late Mourning may have affected the Silk Manufacture, though, about a Week before the Death oft lie Duke of Cumber land, the Witnessturnedoffabout ThirtyMen;

for that the Mercers Order lull Aitguji fell greatly short of his Expectation, and in October he did not find any Probability of his Goods going off, which was the Reason of his discharging those Men; that his Bufmel’s

Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that has been gradually deercafing for some Time, which lie

Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March x 766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Lind Tax.

Ordered, That Colonel Barre have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the 1 louse accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

imputes to the Importation of Foreign Silks.

And being asked, if he had not discharged Workmen in former Mournings ? he said lie bad discharged a bad Workman sometimes, but never discharged a good one till lately.

Mr. John Perrigalsaid, That the Silk Manufacture

labours under great Discouragcments, owing to the Importation of Foreign Silks.

That the Silk Manufacture has deereased of late, and that he thinks it is owing to the Importation of Foreign Silks: That their House has discharged Five-and-twenty Men, and if it were not from the expectation of some Relief from Parliament, would have discharged more; and that without some Relief, the Matters in general must be obliged to discharge more 1 lands, as they have more Goods now remaining in their Warehouses than lie ever remembers, even in the Mourning for his late Majesty.

That if the Importation of Foreign Silks had been Hopped, the Weavers would have put Men upon plain Silks; but in their present Situation they are fearful of going into the plain Trade.

Mr. Sabatier, being again examined, said. That he

begun

6 Geo. III. 14 Aprilis.725

begun to trade for himself in the Year 1750, and then Goods but of his own Patterfi, and he engages the S’^ott, employed about Fifty Looms; that he afterwards took Weaver not to work it for any other Person. a Partner, and increased his Looms to One hundred; That if a Prohibition was to take Place* the W itnest that the Partnership expired in 17^7. should then make Goo<ls, though they were not be-

That in the Year 1763, upon his own Account, he spoke, and should not be dependent upon the Mercery employed from Seventy to Kighty Looms; but in 1764 but while the Foreign Trade is open* the Mercer, he put down Ten, and last Year he put down several by refusing to deal with any one Weaver, may ruin others; but, from the Promise he had from the Mer- hiifi, though be ihcrnld have a very good Capital, cers, he again employed Seventy. That he thinks, if the Silk Manufacture was carried

That from 1748 to 1750 the"Silk Trade was better on in this Kingdom, in Places where Labour is cheaper than since that Period; and, that, from the Commence- than in Silks might be afforded as

ment of his Business to the Year 1763, he had Patterns cheap as the Italian, but that cannot be the same while from most of the great Mercers in Town, for the Spring the Importation of Italian Silks is suffered; and if such Trade; but that, since the Year 1763, he bad received Importation was prohibited for a reasonable Time, no Orders, but for Winter Goods. which he thinks ought not to be less than Seven Years,

That he remembers going lo the Mercers so long ago 0 fair Trial might be made, and Persons would at- as the Year 1721, when they used to give Orders for tempt to establish such a Manufacture.

(light striped Goods, the Sort that are now imported And being asked, whether he thought a Prohibition, from Italy; that the Orders for these Goods from the or a high Duty would he more likely to prevent finug-great Shops are now diminished, but the tmall Shops, gling? he said. Undoubtedly a Prohibition; because, who cannot import Foreign Goods, order them as usual. if a heavy Duty wras laid, the Importer, under Colour That he does not apprehend the Trade of the Mer- of a legal Importation, might smuggle in any Quan-cers in general is decreased, as he thinks Luxury is tity, and, by changing the Seals, fell Silks of longer increased, and consequently more Silks are wore than Lengths, than those for which he paid the Duty, heretofore; but he imputes the Decline of the Spring And being asked, if Mourning did not always affett Trade to the Mercers being served with Silks from the SilkTrade ? he said, It must undoubtedly affett the abroad j — That the Spring Trade is rather worse than Trade, but that hisStock in Hand was greater at pre-last Year; that it was not aliened by the late Mourn- sent than it had been in any former >lourning of the ing, that only affected the Winter "trade: Then, same Length of Time, in proportion to the Number Mr. Triquet,a Master Weaver, being examined, of Hands lie employed; and that if fomefpeedy Re-

said, That many Manufacturers are now unemployed, lief is not given to the Manufacture, he must dischargd and that great Numbers of good Workmen come daily a great Number of his Workmen, to him for Employment, which he imputes to the va'ft Mr. Thomas Price, a Journeyman Weaver, said, That,

Importation of Foreign Silks; that if the Weavers had between the Nineteenth and Twenty-second of March not ex petted Relief from Parliament, they must have last, he had taken an Account of the Number of Looms been obliged to turn off a greatNumber of good Hands, unemployed in the Silk Manufacture, that they amount and if such Relief should not be granted, they must be to 1768; that each Loom finds Employment for Four under a Necessity of doing it stifl; hut that he thinks, Persons, so that the Number of Manufacturers unem-with proper Encouragement, they could employ dou- ployed at that Time, was Seven thousand and Seventy-ble the Number of Hands they do at present. two; that within theft: Six Months about Fifty-eight

That the Mercers acknowledge this to be owing to Families have been obliged to leave this Country for the importation of Foreign Silks; and that a great want of Work, which at an Average may be computed Quantity were imported last Week by a Mercer. at Four Persons to a Family: That in the Parish Work-

That the Engagements the Mercers entered into last houses of Shoreditch, Bethnal Green, and Spilal,

Year not to import Silks, gave the Weavers Encou- there are Five hundred and Seventy-two Persons who ragement to continue their Men; notwithstanding are Weavers, or Persons dependent upon them; and which, the Importation has been greatly increased, that the Number of (such Poor in Bethnal Green Work-Being asked with respect to the Duty on Silks, he house only, is increased One hundred and Forty within said, that the Duty on French Silks is Twenty-seven these Six Months.

Shillings and Eleven Pence, and on Italian Twelve Then, in order to flievv, that Foreign Silks have been Shillings a Pound; notwithstanding which, the Men- seized at the Custom House, the Agent for the Peti-oers can import those Silks cheaper than our Manu- tioners called,

fatturers can make them; and that there remains a Mr. an Officer in His Majesty’s Custom

Profit of Fifteen or Twenty per Centum after the Duty House, who said. That it was his Duty to seal all is paid, for which Reason he apprehends the importa- Foreign Wrought Silks imported: That there are but tioti will continue to increase. few Flowered and Figured Silks imported from Italy,

That the Witness thinks, the onlyeffectual Remedy but that Clouded Silks have been brought from thence to prevent this Importation will be an absolute Prolii- since last July, the same Sort which used to be entered bition; for if the great Mercers cannot import, they from France in Appearance, so that they could not dif-will take Care to prevent the little ones from doing it; tinguish them at the CustomHouse: That Four suchPieces and to support this Opinion, he said. That Silks mixed were lately entered there as Italian Silks, which were with Gold and Silver are at present prohibited; and flopped as French, and determined to be such by the that very few of those Silks are now brought into the Mercers and Weavers; but a Certificate being produced Kingdom, except by Gentlemen themselves for their from a Person at Florence, together with an Affidavit, own particular Wear. that he was the Maker thereof, they were discharged.

That he does not think fixing of Seals to the Goods That he has lately known the Stamps upon Foreign imported would prevent a fraudulent Importation, as Silks changed; that the Stamps were true Stamps, but those Seals might be taken off from one Sort of Goods, had been put upon Brocades about a Year before, and and affixed to others. were at that Time affixed to Eighteen Pieces of Clouded

And being asked, if a Prohibition was to take Place, Lutestrings; that a Trial was had thereupon, and a whether a Monopoly might not be apprehended? he Verdict obtained against the Importer, who is a Fo-said, The great Number of Manufacturersare a sufficient reigner, upon the Fifteenth of February loft* and the Guard against a Monopoly amongst the Weavers, but Silks are now in a Way of Condemnation, that he thinks there is now a Monopoly amongst the That he apprehends more Foreign Silks are imported Mercers, of the Flowered Silks; and the Reason he gave in the Out Ports than are imported in the Port of Lon* for his Opinion was,' that a Mercer will not buy any don, as the Officers there are more liable to be imposed Vot. 30. Y upo»

140 Apr

A. 1766;

Sflk upon than they are at London, where, in any doubtful Manufacture, ^afe, they can have the immediate Assistance of the Weavers and Mercers.

And by an Account from the Custom House, referred to your Committee, it appeared, that the Importation of Italian Silks in the last Year, amounted to lb. 18,709 f, and of French, lb. 1,559 i-

Then to shew, that a total Prohibition of Foreign Wrought Silks would encourage the Manufacture more than a high Duty, and would be more agreeable to the Mercers in general; the Agent called,

Mr. John Harris, a Mercer, who said, that he apprehends an absolute Prohibition of the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks to be more eligible for the Trade, than an additional Duty: That if a Prohibition was to take Place, he thinks it would encourage the Manufacturers to increase their Trade, but while the Importation is allowed, the Masters are afraid to manufacture a Quantity, being uncertain what Orders may be sent abroad: That this would certainly improve the Manufacture, be a Saving to the Nation of the Money now annually sent abroad, and be advantageous to the Mercers in general, for that the great Houses only import, and all Persons flock to them, and totally neglect the small Houses.

That he thinks, in same of a Prohibition, it would be more easy to distinguish smuggled Goods, as we should then have more Pattern Drawers of our own, whose Work we should easily know from the Foreigners.-

That he thinks a Prohibition never could produce a Monopoly, but quite the reverse, as the Number of Weavers is so great; and being asked the Questiorf, he said. That he never heard of any Attempt to advance the Price of Silk amongst the Weavers during the Time the Bill was depending in Parliament last Year.

That a Prohibition is a much more effectual Method to prevent Smuggling than a high Duty; for if the Importation is allowed, an Ell of Silk is brought from abroad and stamped, and then whole Pieces of the same Pattern may be run in and fold, as if the Duty had been paid; for the Ell is rolled in with a Piece, and then the whole Piece appears to have a Stamp to it.

That an absolute Prohibition would be more agreeable to the Witness, and he believes to the Mercers in general, than a high Duty; for by that Means they should set out with fresh Patterns, and get Possession of the Trade before the French could serve their Cuf-tomers; and that we have better Patterns than he ever saw come from abroad, and they would still be improved by Encouragement.

That Orders have been sent to Italy for Lutestrings to be made of the same Breadth of our own, in order to make them pass for in which they have so

far fuccceded, that the Witness has seen feme, which were difficult to distinguish from

Being asked, how he could distinguish between Foreign and English manufactured Silks ? he said, That in Lutestrings, the Foreign generally feel crisper, and are not so glossy as the Engl; but that it is impossible to say whet her these Dicti nations may not be evaded, though he thought in general they might be distinguished; and that Figured Goods may easily be distinguished.

Mr. Germaine Lavie,a Mercer, said, That he could dif-

tinguish French Silks and Italian Damasksfrom English, but could not distinguish Italian Plain Silks from English, but that he did not think himself so godd a Judge in this Matter as feme People: That a Prohibition would be more advantageous to the Silk Manufacturers than a high Duty; as it would tend more to prevent Smuggling, for French Flowered Silks might be known in the Wear; but if no Penalty was laid on the Wearers, though the Mereers would not import them, the Smugglers would, and they \Vould be asmuehworeas at present.

That the Seals put Upon Silks upon Importation have been removed to other Pieces, but that no Man of Credit would be guilty of such a Practice, but that a

Prohibition would put a Stop to that Practice; and . that the Inducement to Smuggling would be less under a Prohibition, than under a double Duty: And being asked the Question, he said, That it had appeared,.upon a late Trial, that a Mercer had bought feme Silks where the Seals had been changed.

Mr. Robert Fleetwood, Mercer, said, he thought he could distinguish French Silks and Da mafic s

from English ones; that he never saw any Flowered Italian Silks, nor docs lie apprehend he could (Lift in* guish Velvets and Plain Italian Silks, having often been deceived in plain Mantua Silks.

That the Importation of Foreign Silks would be more easily and effectually prevented by a Prohibition than a high Duty, as all high- Duties, are an. Encouragement to Smuggling: Thatr the Duty proposed last Year would, if [raid; have in Effect amounted to a Prohibition, but, in that Cafe, some People would, as he apprehended, enter a few Pieces of Silk, and pay the Duty, under which Pretence they would finuggle in great Quantities; and that he thinks the present-Doty; if regularly paid, would be a sufficient Encouragement to our own Manufactures: Then . George P/'c/ie/. Esquire, a MemberTproduced to your Committee two Edicts, which he said lie received from his Correspondent at Leghorn, the one prohibiting the Importation of certain Woollen Manufactures into the State of Tuft any, and the other prohibiting the Expor-. tation of all Raw and Thrown Silk of the Growth of Tuscany -, which Edicts, together - with' Tratiflations thereof, are hereunto annexed. N® 1, 2, 3, and 4. '

Then, in order to shew the Improbability, of a Monopoly amongst the Silk Manufacturers in case of a Prohibition;

Mr. John Gibson, Mr. George Vaughan,- Dealers in Gold and Silver Lace, being examined, severally said. That since the Year-1749, when the Law passed for . burning all Foreign Lace, which was seized, which . before that Time was allowed to be sold here after it was seized, there has never been any Combination attempted amongst the Dealers in those Goods: That the Lace is now made as good or better than it was before that Time, and full as cheap in Proportion to-the.Price of Silver; that they never heard of any Attempt at any Combination or Monopoly among the Dealers in Gold and Silver Lace, whoconiift not of.more than Twenty-one Persons-, and are all Manufacturers, ami all. redden t within the Cities of London and 1 Then to shew the good Effect of the late Prohibition of Foreign Silk Stockings,

Mr. Matthew Whitlock and Mr. the first aMamiftiChirer of Stockings at Nottingham, and the other a Stocking Seller in LoW/w, being severally examined, said, That, there has been no Attempt at any Combination finee the late Act passed; and the latter Witness added, That he has constantly had a full Supply of Goods of a better Manufacture, as be thinks, than before the Prohibition, and that tlieTrade has been brilker;

Mr. Nathaniel Pateijbn, Owner of a Silk Mill in Cheshire, being atked what had been the Effect of the Art of last Session for lowering the Duty on the Importation of Raw Silk ? laid, That it had encouraged jL larger Importation of Raw Silk than if the old Duty had continued j that it had afforded more Employment for the Poor who work at our own Mills.

That there was a bat! Crop of Silk abroad last Year, for which Reason he thought we should not have had much Raw Silk imported, notwithstanding which we . had a great Importation, which he attributed to the Encouragement given by the Act of last Session: That the Price of Thrown Silk is advanced, but that is owing to the bad Crop of Silk in Italy, as they had not above Half a Crop-last Year.

And being asked, what was the Difference between the Hands he employed last Year and the Hands lie now employs? he said, That he has had-full Employment

for

€ Geo. III.

140 Aprilis.

727

for One Third more this Year than he employed I aft Year; and that last Year he was forced to pay for lnpre Hands than be had full Work for.

' And being asked, if the Silk Manufacture might not be extended, if either a high Duty or Prohibition was to take Place ? he said, Most certainly, as it would employ the Hands in Spital Fields, and would therefore employ the.Throwftersa brisk Trade with them makes a brisk Trade with the Throwfters, who depend upon them.

And being asked, whether, from the Knowledge he had of the Number of Master Weavers, he thought in either same they could raise the Price of Silk ? he said, he thought it impofljble from the Number of them, and that it might as well be expected amongst the Clothiers; that the Weavers had frequently complained to the Witness of their underselling one another.

And being asked, whether he did not think the plain Silk Trade might not be extended, and brought cheaper than at present to Market? he laid, he thought it might, for that at Manchester there was now a great Manufacture for Handkerchiefs; and that he thought it would reduce the Master Weavers to a Necessity of settling in many Parts of England.

That he thinks Silks would be cheaper from a Prohibition than a high Duty; as the Weaver* would be encouraged to manufacturej and that would bring more Silks to Market.

That a Prohibition for Three Years would shew the Effect of it; and he thinks Five Years would encourage it* but not fess.

Upou being asked the Question, he said, That he thought Silks might be made so cheap as to encourage an Export Trade of that Manufacture, but that will greatly depend upon the Encouragement of the East India Company; and that, if the Company had imported the same Quantity last Year as formerly, it would bare reduced the Price of Silk.

Mr. Richard Blaekburne confirmed Mr

evidence, and added, That he had increased his own (Worksat Stockport, and that he now employs Twohun-dfed Hands more than he did, which he thinks is entirely owing to the Encouragement given by the Act of last Year.

That there are now many Persons employed in the Weaving Trade who were not brought up to it, and that Fifty Looms are lately let up at; and that

he thinks, if l-elief was given by Parliament, the Manufacture would spread over she Country; and he added, that he was fare it would.

Mr. Trig net, a Mailer Weaver, was again called, who said. That in the Year 1777 he was in the Hous’e of one Mr. Gotzkmvjky,a considerable Silk Manufacturer at

Berlin, to whom the King of lets Two large

Houses 1lent free, for carrying on the Silk Manufacture: That Mr. Gotzkozojky at that Time employed Fifteen hundred Workmen and Five hundred Looms; that His Prussian Majesty also allows Five Guineas per

Annum for every Draught Loom, and Four Guineas per Annum for every Apprentice employed in the Silk Manufacture; and that Mr. Gotzkisxejky then received for Draught Looms and Apprentices 2,250 Guineas per Annum.

That His Majesty also pays Salaries to some head Workmen, and also advances great Sums of Money to the Weavers, wit hout Interest, to enable them to carry on their Manufactures.

And being asked, how he came to the Knowledge of the several FaClshe had mentioned relating to the Silk Manufacture at Berlin ? he said. He was told so by Mr. GolzkonJbj and several other Gentlemen then employed in the Manufacture, and that he believed it to be true.

That the Importation of Foreign Silks at Berlin is prohibited, and that before the Prohibition took place, there, the Witness used to import Silks to Berlin but since that Time he has not sent One Piece there.

Then Mr. Abraham Ogier, a Master Weaver, said. That he used to fend great Quantities of Silk to Berlin, but that since the Prohibition took Place he had had no Orders; and upon hisafking the Reasons, he had beep told by the Persons he used to serve, that the Importation cff Silks were prohibited, and they could give no more Orders.

N®. 1 and 2 of the Appendix being Ediftsin a Foreign Language, are omitted, and N®. 3 and 4, being Translations thereof, are as; viz.

Siffk

M.laofetfur*.

APPENDIX, N®. III.

EDICT concerning the Importation and Stamping the Light Woollen Goods or Stuffs, and other Foreign

Manufactures allowed to be imported.

Done at Florence, Anno 1745.

EDICT.

\IjT WHEREAS we the Royal Council of Finances, in pursuance of the Edict of the 27th January, g \ Christi 1738, relating to the Light Woollen Goods and other Foreign Manufactures allowed to be imported, have examined the Plan of Regulation delivered by the Deputies of the Art of Wool of this City of Florence, and likewise have examined the Representations made by the Fanner General, in behalf of the Custom House: Therefore to remove all Difficulties arising daily fresh the Importation of the aforesaid allowed Goods, as well by reason of the Inspection of said Goods, as by reason of the Taxes and Duties which they are liable to pay; and for to prevent the Royal Treasury being defrauded, and the Merchants and other Persons being aggrieved, we do publicly proclaim and notify as follows;

ift. That in the general Prohibition of Foreign Cloths, ordered by the aforesaid Edict, there are to be understood as prohibited, likewise all Sorts of Goods which are also manufactured in these happy States, agreeable to the Lift thereof!pecified at the End of this Edict, declaring. That all Foreign Goods, not mentioned in said Lift ('till new Order to the contrary) shall be allowed to be imported, as likewise the fiiperfine and fine Says, and Bosley Says of what Sort soever, the Camel itan natural Says, the Bergamo grey Says, because, though the aforesaid Sorts of Goods, in some Measure, are likewise manufactured in these States, as yet they turn inferior so thp r

ones in regard to Quality, and not sufficient in Quantity to answer our Home Confupxption.

Vol. 30.

e

728 14* Aprilis. A. 1766.

snk 2d. The Goods allowed to be imported by virtue of this present Declaration, may be freely imported, bought, Manufacture. ang worn through all these imppy Dominions, till the Importation offome Sort of them shall be prohibited by a special Order; as it may so happen that, in Process of Time, and by the Industry of the Manufacturers, a good and sufficient Manufactory of some Sort of said Goods might be settled in these Dominions.

3d. In order to prevent the Importation of prohibited Woollen Goods, under the Name and Sanction of light Woollen Goods and other Foreign'Manufactures allowed to be imported, it is necessary that a proper Inspection be made, and thereby to ascertain that said Goods are such as are allowed to be imported; and for this Effect they must be entered at any One of the following Custom. Houses; viz. Siena, , Monte

San Severino, Caliglipn, Fiorentina, Anghiary. It is hereby to be understood, that the Parties concerned shall be obliged to get a Certificate of said Goods at the First Custom House of the State.

4th. As soon as the aforesaid'Woollen Goods shall be entered at any One of the afore-recited Custom Houses, and there ascertained as allowed to be imported, they may be cleared out on paying the Duty at the Rate of 5 Sols per Pound Weight, for any Place whatsoever of these Dominions, no Matter whether said Goods have been imported from any Place whatsoever.

5th. After the aforesaid Duty being paid, every Piece of the afore-recited Goods shall be stamped at the Two head Ends of each Piece with a particular Stamp, such as shall be pointed out and directed by the Custom House of Florence to the other Custom Houses, so that One of the Stamps or Seals may remain always tied to the Piece, though in part disposed of.

6th. At the Time of being stamped or sealed, any Piece that shall be cleared out for the City of Florence, a Duty ought to be paid for each Piece at the Rate of Livres 2. 10. and for any other Piece 1.5.

7th. All the Woollen Goods allowed to be imported, if they had been previously imported and not stamped, shall be entered at any One of the aforementioned Custom Houses within the Term of Two Months, to commence from the Day of the Publication of this present Regulation at each respeti ive Place, in order that they may be there stamped; and this ought to take Place, not only in regard to the whole Pieces, but likewise for all Cuts and Remnants, as any One of them shall be stamped separately, and though One should in this same pay for the said Stamp or Seal the aforesaid Duty as it was practised in the Year 1694, when the Seal was first established in order to favour still further the Public Trade, the aforesaid Royal Council does order and command, that said Seal shall be affixt gratis, and without the Officers deputed thereto daring to take any Fees.

8th. But as the aforesaid Goods allowed to be imported, are necessarily liable to the Payment of the Duty; therefore those Persons that shall not be able to produce Vouchers of having paid the fame, shall be obliged, at the Time offtamping the Goods, to pay the Duty of 5 Sols per Pound Weight, let the Goods be imported from, or be cleared out for, any Place whatsoever; and in this same the General Farmer shall not infill on bein g pid the Difference and Deficiency, should any one have paid a lesser Duty than that now decreed.

9th. After the aforesaid Term of Two VI onths shall be elapsed, if any light Woollen Goods, or any other Foreign Manufactures allowed to be imported, shall be found in any Place of these happy Dominions, even if it should be a privileged Place (of which a special and distinct Mention should have been made) excepting yet the <City of Leghorn and the County of Lanaggiana; we say, if any whole Pieces should be found without, the Two Stamps or Seals, and any Remnant, let it be ever so small, without One Seal, they shall be deemed smuggled Goods, and as such to be forfeited, together with the Vessel and Carriage loaded and conveyed by, besides a pecuniary Fine, at the Discretion of the Judges, and agreeable to the Circumstances of the same and Quality of the Persons; the Fine to be applied to the Use prescribed by ihe Law.

10th. In each of the aforementioned Custom Houses, besides the usual Book of Seals, a Register. shall be kept, whereinihall be set down the Name, Surname, and Place of Habitation of the Owners of the light Woollen Goods, and other Foreign Manufactures allowed to be imported, the Quality, the Quantity, the Colour, and all other Specifications of each Piece and Remnant that shall have been stamped, in order that it may serve as a Check, in case that any Difference should arise concerning the Stamps or SeaJs, or the Payment of the aforesaid Duty.

nth. And to the end that the Privileges of the Fair of Pisa may not be infringed by the present Regulation, ’ nor the System altered, which is practised in that Custom House, in regard to the Merchandize that there enjoy the Benefit of the new Duty of Carriage, and in order that, under the Pretence of the aforesaid Privileges, no Frauds might be committed in Prejudice of the Tax and Duty, it is hereby enacted, that all Sorts of Woollen Goods allowed to be imported, shall be stamped with a particular Stamp or Seal, expressing the Words, Fair of Pisa, to be stamped gratis by the Custom House Officers; and even on the Supposition that the aforesaid Woollen Goods should be cleared out at the Time of the Fair for any other Place of these happy Dominions, ought, and shall pay the aforesaid Duty and Tax, and to the same shall be affixt the usual Seal, as if they had not been imported at the Time of the Fair.

12th. In regard to the aforesaid Woollen Goods, which at Pisa enjoy the Benefit of the new Duty of Carriage, they likew'ife, whenever they shall be cleared out at the Custom House, for to be conveyed to the Merchants Houses, shall be stamped, without paying any Charges, with a particular Seal, the WTords new Stallaggio, or new Duty of Carriage; — and in same the Merchants should be w'illing afterwards to clear out the said Goods, either for Pisa or any other Place of these Dominions, they shall be obliged to bring them anew to the Custom House, and there to pay the aforesaid Duty and Tax, and to have the usual Stamp affixed to the said Goods, in lieu of the former Stamp, which shall be taken off.

13th. Those Persons that shall be willing to get from Leghorn, either by Land or Water, the aforesaid Woollen Goods allowed to be imported, for to import them into whatsoever Place of these happy Dominions, ought indif-penfably to get a Certificate for the Custom House of Pisa (and no otherwise) and there they shall be obliged to enter them, and all those Stagemen, Boatfmen, and Carriers that shall be found travelling writh the Cockets of the Custom House of Leghorn, made against the Disposition of the present Order, shall be liable to those Penalties in Article the 9th of the present Regulation.

14th.Ifit should so happen that Woollen Goods allowed to be imported into the State of Siena, and there entered without the previous Payment of the aforesaid Duty and Tax, and damping of Goods, all the Clearings and Exportation of the aforesaid Woollen Goods, for any Place of the Slate of Siena (if it shall be requested) ought to be done at the Custom House of Siena; and in same the Owners of said Woollen Goods should be willing to clear them out, either for the said City, or for any other Place, as well of the said State of Siena, as that of , -they

shall pay at the aforesaid Custom House the said Duty and Tax, and get the prescribed Seal affixt to the Goods.

15th. All those Woollen Goods and the like, that shall be conveyed into these happy Dominions, for to be

exported

4 -

6 Geo. III.

14" — 15° A prills.

7 2

exported out of them, arc not to be comprised in the Resolution of this present Regulation; on the contrary, they shall enjoy all the usual Privileges, and shall be looked upon in the same Manner as’it hath been done hitherto.

16th. In case there should be any Difference concerning the Quality of the Goods allowed to be imported, or not imported, one ought to apply for the Decision thereof to the Deputies of the-Acd of the Wool of Florence and Sienarespectively, to whom the Power of taking Cognizance of such Matters privately do belong.

17th. And further, the Royal Council will have that this present Decree shall be in Force and Vigour in all the Cities, and Territories, and Places of these happy Dominions of the Great Duchy without any Exception; and that no Exemptions or particular Privileges shall be alleged against it, nor any Cafe, Instruction, or Pro viso, which should have been enacted in Time pad, concerning the Importation of light Woollen Goods and other Foreign Manufactures allowed to be imported; the which we will have to be of no Force and Effect, just as if they had never been enacted.

Manufactures of England, France, Holland, and- Germany, (iniftied and rough, double and single, which are

prohibited to be imported.

Superfine, Demi, fine and ordinary. Cloth of any Colour and Breadth whatsoever.

Ratines of any Colour and Breadth.

Castor Druggets.

Ordinary coloured Druggets.

Corded and Flowered D°.

Crimson Scarletines and 20 Yard Long Ells.

Long Ells.

FtenchSays, or Princess Says.

Done in the Council of Florence, tii3 8th October 1745.

Proclaimed in this City of Florence, by Bruno Benevente,

Chalons Says, or Shalloons.

Queen’s Says.

Ordinary German Says.

Flanders Says, 2 Ells broad.

Kersey Says.

Flannels.

Short Duroys made after the Milanese Faihioji.

Gionori. V, Secretary, public Crier, at the usual Places, 22d 061. 1745.

N\ IV.

Translated from the Italian.

His Imperial Majesty being willing to provide for the Advantage and Benefit of the Silk Manufactures of his Great Duch/of Tuscany, by prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silks out of these happy States: — Therefore, renewing, the Laws and Proclamations heretofore published for that Effect, doth order and command, That no Person of any Quality, Degree, or Denomination whatsoever, shall export out of this Great Duchy, Silk of any Sort whatsoever, as well raw as manufactured in Organzine or Tram, as well single as double, under the Penalty . t of forfeiting the Silk, or the just Value thereof, and as much more as the Value thereof, to be applied, Half to the Informer, either private or public, a Quarter Part to the Treasury, and the Remainder to the Magistrate or Judge who shall condemn the fame.

The present Order shall be inviolably observed in all the Limits of the Great Duchy, including the State of Siena, the City and Mountain of Pifioia, and generally every other Place whatsoever, although privileged, and of which individual and special Mention ought to have been made.

Done at Florence, the 22nd August 1749.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

iRefolved, That this House will, upon IT Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 150;

Anno 6* Georgii III1* Regis, 17 66. Prayers.

Humber* A ‘ Petition of William Constable, of Burton Constable, Light House* f\_ in the County of , Esquire, was presented to Spurn"point. H°use, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- 01 Vol. 30,

Tavanli.

tioner is informed, that Application is making to Parliament, for Power to take.diown the Light Houses now (landing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the River Humber, and for erecting others instead thereof, on the Common or Wade of Kilnjea, in Holdemefs afore-, said, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioner is Owner of the Honour and Signiory of Holdemefs aforesaid, and of the Soil and Freehold of the Manor of Kilnfea aforesaid; and therefore, (hauld the said Bill pass into a Law, without proper and reasonable Regard for the Right and Property of the Petitioner, he will be greatly prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, That he may, by himself or his Counsel, be heard against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioner’s Right and Property; and that the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and that such Provisions may be made, in respect to his said Estate, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for

8 7t taking

The Count of Rechecourt.

Silk

Alauuladure'f.

1

ypy

73° is" jiprilis.

talcing down and removing certain Light Houses, now funding upon t\\cS/wr?iI'oint, ax the Mouth of the i/z//w-ber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light Ilouies infread thereof is ^committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by InsCounfe], before the said Committee, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Wendover Mr. Lczcndes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bu^him granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Wendover, to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from ihe Well End of the said Town of Wen* dover, to the End of a Lane, called Oak Lane, next the Great Road, called the Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the Well End of the said Town of Bcconsfield, to the River Colne, near Uxbridge aforesaid; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Biddenden Mr, ^(jl reported from the Committee to whom the &c. ’ Petition of several Gentlemen, whose Names are there-Roads. unto subscribed,w as referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Charles Nairn said, That he knows the Road leading from the Town of Bidden den, in the IVcald of Kent, to Pluckley Hill, and from thence through Charing Tenon to Bound Gate, which joins the Turnpike Road from Afford to Ftversham, in the County of Kent; that the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept iu good Repair; by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bid-denden, in the Weald of AY///, through C7zzzr//zg, tojoin the Turnpike Road which leads from Afford to Fever/ham, at a Place called Bound Gate: and that Mr. Be ft and Mr, Edmonstone do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whitechapel An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, made

Poor. in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor,w ithin the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edzvards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Arncliff Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Paf- Inclosure. tures, called Coze Cloje, West Moor, and Clowder, otherwise Clozolher, within the Toim/hip of Arncliff] in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: and also.

The I^ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nabum for dividing and inclosing several Common Arable Indofwe. Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor or Common, witliiu the Manor and Township of Na burn, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act FarlPowis, for veiling the Manfioti House of the Ear! and Countess £states-of Pozvis, in Albemarle Street, now tea led on them, and their Ilfue, in Trustees, to fell the finne, and to lay out the Money arifrng by fuel) Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, that the Petition of John Sre^e Ilewett, Esquire, Lessee of all Tythes arising within the Act.« Parish of Wales, in the County of York; which was lnci°sure* Yesterday prefeuted to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Most noble Thomas Duke of Leeds, the Right honourable Robert Earl of Holder ness, Lord of the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York, and also of William Mason Mailer of Arts, Rector of the Parish,

Church of Aston aforesaid, and of the feveAl other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the same Manors' , respectively; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the said *

John Hezvett.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the CottinoHam Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, Inclosure. and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Coltingham, in the Lull R iding of the County of York, is committed.

Mr. Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Alh'wne, Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Aftborng &c. to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from' the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, to Tulbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the#

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the* Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di- rected him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the l louse.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made.to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refohrd,

6 Geo. III.

150 Apri

IV

Rcfolred, That the said Rill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dnke of I>von(h:re*s Qua! fiction Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Petition of John in the Cotinty Humb-r*

to enable the Mott noble William Duke o f Devon/hireto of Surrey, Esquire.was presented to the House, and read; bight House* take, in England, the Oath of Office of High Treasurer Setting forth. That the Petitioner obfer'ves, there is a g maPoifcn of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the Bill depending in the Hotife, for taking down and re-

Enjoyment of the said Office, was read a {second Time. moving certain Light Houses, now (landing upon the

' " ' Spurn Pat the Mouth of the River and for

erecting fit and convenient Light Houses instead thereof, and for other Purposes; and that, if the Bill (houkl pal's into a Law, the Petitioner will be deprived of a very valuable Inheritance, and the Petitioner’s Property will be otherwise greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying,

Repaired, That the Bill be committed to Lord Cavendish, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Fitzlnn bert, Mr. Boone, Mr. Sir Anthony Abdy,

Air. Haney, Mr. Tozonjhend, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Rootle, Mr. Lord Grey, Mr.

Gray, Lord Frederick Cav Mr. Wyn Lord

Wnrrham

Kca*ls.

Georg, Cavan, Ijh, AIr. Fitzroy, Mr. Gore\Mr. Fomtereau, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the

salt! Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Pe-

Sir George Yonge, Sir Charles Sir Jarrit

Smith, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Hardy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and

Town of 1 Parch am, in the County of Dorset, was present- titioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said *" ' " ~ Bill, upon his said Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

e<l to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have received a printed Copy of a Bill for amending and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading fro n the Mi.rielCrops ,in the Borough of and the. Ide of Purbeck, in the county of ; by which

Bill, the Petitioners obfi rve, the said Town of Wareham is entirely (hut up by Toll Gates, and that the said Market Crops is made the Centerof the several Branches,

so that all Travellers passing through the said Town will be subject, to double Tolls; and that the several Reads comprised in the said Bill are of great Extent, and the

A Petition of Margaret Gytby, Widow, was presented Clergymen* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by vir- Orphan* tue of a Grant from his late Majesty King George the Second, the Petitioner is now entitled to a certain Island, or Parcel of Sandy Ground, heretofore called The Great Sand or Sinke, but now commonly called

Charity

Estate.

Petitioners apprehend the Tolls will never be fufti- Sunk lying within the River in or near

dent to an fwer the Purposes of the said Bill; and that the Counties of and Lincoln, or oue of them, the Borough of Corse Cottle, as the Petitioners ob- containing, by Estimation, 3,500 Acres, more or Jess, serve, is not to have any Poll Gate within One Mile of belonging to his said late Majesty, in Right of his Crown the said Borough, and the new Toll Gate is tobeerested of England, (which said Premifos had been heretofore within several Miles of the down of Bland ford-, and that, demised, by his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

under these Circumstances, the Petitioners fear, the little unto Anthony Gylby, Esquire, the Petitioner’s late Huf-Trude the Town of Wareham now enjoys will he greatly band.deceased) with full Power and Authority, for the injured; and that the Petitioners ft ill feel the uuhappy Petitioner, by all lawful Ways and Means, to im! ank. Effect of the late dreadful Fire

and therefore humbly hope, that no unnecessary additional Burden may be laid on that little Trade and Intercourse they ft ill have with the neighbouring Part of the County-: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and, that the Petitioners may he heard by their Counsel, in respect to the fame, or may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is recommitted: and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That Counsel he admitted to be heard, at

inclose, and defend the said demised Premises, or so much thereof as might be conveniently done, from the Overflowing of the Sea, and to reduce the same into Culture and Pasture; and that the Petitioner is under a Covenant, in the said Grant on her Behalf contained, to do her bed Endeavours, and, at her own proper Costs and Charges, to proceed on and effectually prosecute the imbanking, inclosing, and draining the said demised Premises, and to makeandereft all such Sluices, Sewers, and other Works, as should be requisite in that Behalf: and that the said Bland, as now inclosed, contains, within the present Banks, no more than about 1,760 Acres, which, at different Periods of Time since the first Grant thereof, and as the Ground became

Glasgow

Roadi.

the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the fit and proper for that Purpose, have, at a very great said Petition. Expence, been imbanked, fenced, and preserved from the Humber, by the Petitioner and the former Grantees of the said Bland; and that, about Fifty or Sixty Years ago, as the Petitioner hath been informed, there arose, out of the Bed of the River Humber, a certain Sand, or Piece of Ground, now called the Cherry Cobb Sand, which, at its first Appearance, laid about Three Miles distant North West from the said Sunk; but that the Out Grounds, lying next to and between the said Bland and the said Cherry Cobb have of late Years been so raised and increased by the warping up and leaving of the Soil or Sludges from the River Humber, that the said Out Grounds are now united, and, in a great Measure, fwarthed Over or covered with Grass, and a considerable Part thereof, lying next to the said Bland, is become fit to be imbanked and inclosed, and which the Petitioner, pursuant to her said Covenant, is minded to do 5 but in-

as much

Au ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the-Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgo-jo, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roadj>from Inch Be Hie Bridge to Glas goto, and from

Glas goto to LuggieWater, Cumbernauld, and

Bridge-, and for altering the Course of the last mentioned District of Road; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads, from Inch Bellie Bridge to Glas-,goiv, and from Gilafgowto Redburnc; and for altering the Course of the last mentioned District of Road.

Vol. 30*

732

Clrr?yr*?ns afimtch as tire Petitioner hath not, nor can, at. prefen t.

Orphans have any Rond or Passage by Land, save through the

Estate Grounds of William Constable, Esquiro, called T/wrney Croft?, and so over the said Cherry Cobb Sami, so the said llland, the Petitioner or her Tenants have been obliged, for about Fifteen Years past, to pay an Annual Kent, or acknowledgment, for Ijeave to make Use of such Roads as aforesaid; and as the said Wiltium Con-Jtable, in Right of his Signiory of Holdermjs, or as Lord of the adjacent Manor of Little Humber, claims the said Parcel of Ground, called Cherry Cobb Sand; and the Boundaries between the same and the said island, by reason of the Junction and concrefcence of the said Out Grounds, are now difficult to be ascertained; and the Petitioner being unwilling to enter into any Suits or Ditfercnoes with the said William Constable, at whose Will and Pleasure lhe now holds and uses the only Road that can, at present, be had to the said Hland, the Petitioner is, in a great measure, incapacitated from proceeding to make any further Improvement or Additions to the said llland, pursuant to her said Covenant; and as the Petitioner is informed that a Bill has been ordered to be brought into the House, for establishing a Propolkl, made by the said William Constable, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, called Cherny Cobb Sand, whereby the Petitioner underfunds that 100 Acres, Part thereof, Ijing next to the Petitioner’s Out Grounds, adjoining upon the said island, are intended to be granted to the Governors of the said Charity, and the Residue of the said Ground, called Cherry Cobb, is to be veiled in or confirmed to the said William Constable, and his Heirs; the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, that her Property and Interest, under his said late Majesty’s Grant, of and in the said Out Grounds, lying next to and l>etween the said llland and the said Cherry Cobb Sand, will be thereby affected and prejudiced: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Provision may be made for her, in respect to the ascertaining the Boundaries of her said Estate and a Road thereto, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill toestablish a Proposal made by William Constable, Esquiro, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, ftnd for confirming the fame, and effectually currying tjic same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, is committed.

0} dered, That it be an Inftraction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Cottingham A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are

Jncioiure. thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of several Open and Common Fields, called The Lower Gatesx The Stock ins, Butts, The Flowbrows, and The West and East Hangings, in the Township of Cottingham, in the County o(York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Application has been made, for Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing and draining certain Open and Uninclosed Meadow Grounds, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, of Cottingham; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in theirpresentSituation, are incapableof Improvement; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for dividing and inclosing t^ie said Open Fields, in suchMauner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lauds,

Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Ipstruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling certain Estates, in the Bevrrfcy County of Lincoln, in Trustees, and to enable them to Miufter. appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trulls declared by tb ' Will of Sir Michael Warton, Knight, deceased, for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John in Beverley, in the County of York, and for erect ing an Organ in the 1

said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, and to enable them to appropriate thq, Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trusts declared by the Will of Sir Michael Warton, Knight, deceased, for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John in Beverley, in the County of York, and for erecting an Organ in the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Tufnell do carry the Billlo the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to lhe prcven(int House, according to Order, a Bill to extend an Act, Robber^ made in the ^th Year of the Reign of King George &c. the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Fransportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law, upon some Points, relative to Pirates; to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for reltraining Muirlmrn in forbidden d ime, in that Part of the United Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. 7i///zeW reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Pailurcs, and Commons, or Commonable Grounds in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Foston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed *, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame-to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee l^ad gone through the bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Phice; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the* Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tune, One by One; aiuj, upon thb Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed 16 by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the? Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom Cultivation the Bill for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the of Trees, better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, *c* was committed, That the Committee had # confulered the Petition of thcNuricry Men and Gardeners, whose

Names

150 Apr ills.

6 Geo. 1IL

15' — i & J

CalrVJ

Wrir*

General

Index to the Journals.

Names nre thereunto fobfrribed, on behalf- of them4 selves and the rest of the Nursery Men and Gardener* Qf Great Britain,/to them referred; and had gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments therewith which they had directed hijn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-, Upon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, bo ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do iftbe his Warrant to the Clork of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Bmgefs to feme in this present Parliament for the Borough of Calue, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Packet, Inquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to conllder of a proper Plan, for making a General Index to th? printed Journals of this Hpufc, have Power to report their Opinion to the House, upon tlfe Matter to them referred. '

711

River Mers mi, at or near a certain Place, called Run-

conus Gap, in the County of and also the

Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of IaimIs, lying between Appleton and Preston , in the County of Vhester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; "and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, being Owners of Lands, lying near that Part of the River Weaver, which runs iiom Bridge, to Froi{sham Bridge, in the County of were read.

And Ute Counsel for the said Petitions were heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support’thereof.

Anti then the Counsel for and agaiikt the Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That tine further hearing of Counsel upon the said Report, be adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Wiidert The Order of the Day being read, for taking into *crfy Consideration the Report, which wqus made Ram the

on t e rent Committee, to whom the Bill for making a navigable

klcriey River Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilt

Canal. den Ferry, in the County of Derby, to or near jtone, ami Willington, in the said County,

' lludgeley, Stone, and , in the County of Shift

ford, anti from thenee to or near Lawton and in the County of Chafar, and to the River wap

committed;

The Counsel for and against the Bid were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of Wqjkington Karl Ferrers, and Henry Karl of Uxbridgeand also the Petition of Sampson Lloyd the younger, William,

Wilkes the younger, and Abraham in behalf

of themfrlves, and the rest of the Lessees, under the Right honourable Henry. Earl of , of the

Navigation of the River Trent, from ferry, in

the County of Derby, to Barton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; were read.

And the Counsel for the Earl Ferrers, and Earl of Uxbridge, was heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Petition of the said Earl Ferrers, and Karl of Uxbridge.

Aud then the Counsel for Sampfm Junior,

Esquire, and the other Lessees of the Earl of Uxbridge, wait heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of their Petition

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in execution an Act to ameud an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eirft, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frodsham Bridge, to Win ford Bridge, in the County of Chester, and for the more effectual preserving and iuifiroving the Navigation of the said River, ami also of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tonnage of the Navigation of the laid1 River, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees and Creditors upon the said Tonnage of the said Navigation; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose >'Names are tlaxcunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Grounds lying hear the River Weaver, and which run. from Witixford Bridge, tQ the - Yol. 3o.

Mtercurii) j6° die;

Anno 6® Georgii III1* Regis, 17(d).

Pra *$RJ.

SIR John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, tp whom the ingroded BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages', Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Clayton, Baronet, deceased, in Tryftees, to be sold, and for applying tji? Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was regd the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Griffin Griffin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Bnncnloic Bertie reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Power* of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Eirft, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill, to Fojlon Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, wa#

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they bed directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi* Place; and afterwards delivered th§ Rijl, with the Amendments, in at the CferkVIWe: Where the Amendment* were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ftuoftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by tbf House.

Ordered, That the BUL with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

9 'A Ordered,

Clayton'*

Elutes*

Spittlegate

Hill.

&c.

Road*

734 i 6° Aprilis. . 17

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Pet ition An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term arid Powers Wendover of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Land Owners, Trades- granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year t "> men, and Manufacturers, residing in the County of of his late Majesty King 6'ft)/-<p*the Second, intituled, Alt Euc^n^|'*tu Chester, whose Names arc thereunto subscribod; and Aftforenlargiugthe Term ami Powers, granted by Two also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road from the Traders, and Manufacturers, refuting within the Coun- Tow n of to the Town of Buckingham, in the

ties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Worcester, Gloucester, So- County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening vierfet, and the several County and Market Towns of the Road leading from the West-End of the said Town of Shrewjbu/y, Bristol, Gloucester, Worcester, Bezcdley, M'm/crer, to’the End of a Lane, called next

Bridgnorth, Nezoport, Drayton, Eccleshall, Stafford, the great Road Called t lie Oxford Road, lying between

Kamp/wich, Northicich, Chester, and Liverpool; and also the Town of Herons field, in the said County of Bucks; the several Petitions of several Gentlemen, Land Owners* and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex,<\nd that Part Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, residing of the said great Road which leads from the West End within the Counties of «Sa/o/>, Stafford, Chester, Worcester, of the said Town of to the River Colne, near

Gloucester and Somerset, and the several Cities of Bristol, Uxbridge aforesaid; and for making the said Act more Gloucester, Worcester, and Chester, and the several County effectual, was read the Third Time,

and Market Towns of Slireujhury, Bezcdley, Bridgnorth, Rejoiced, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Whitchurch, Nezvporl, Drayton, Stafford, Eccleshall, Bet- be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

ley, Namptwich, Nort/ucich,'and the Borough and Port by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late

of Liverpool; were referred; be revived. Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several

Roads in the County of Bucks, so tar as tire same relates Nertcastle Mr. Gilbert, reported from the Committee, to whom to the Road between the Town of and the

nder Line tj,e petition of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and Town of Buckingham.

awa ’ Traders, residing in Newcastleunder Line, in the County Ordered, That Mr. Lozondes do carry tire Bill to the of S/aJford, and of several Gentlemen, residing near to Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

the said Borough of Newcastle under Line aforesaid; and

also the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parities of A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Bet ley, Chesterton, Audley, and Bal/erley, in the County Mr. Cuddon:

of Stafford; were referred; That the Committee had exa- Mr. Speaker,

mined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had di- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bath Strfeeu, reCledhim to report the fame, as they appeared to themx to remove and regulate the public Markets in the City to the House; and he read the report in his Place; §nd of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Paf-afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where sages within the said City, and the Liberties and Pre-the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. cinfts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr. Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing,

Hugh Ilenshall, being examined, said. That the Road lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, leading from the Floodgates, upon the Mill Dam, near Ways and Passages there, to remove all Nuisances the Town of Newcastle aforesaid, to the Bottom of and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same lor Church Lane, in the said Town, and from Clusterton, the future, and for better supplying the Inhabitants through Audley and Ballerley, to Ghorjly Hill, is very of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water; minous, and in feme Parts narrow and incommodious, without any Amendment: And also,

and that the same cannot lie repaired and widened by The Imrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lath the Laws in being; and that the repairing the last-men- for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts SnuJl Debt?, t ioned Road will increase the Revenue of the Toll to be within the City of Bath, and the 1 iberties and Precincts taken on the Road to Naviptzvich. thereof, without any Amendment: And also.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Committee, The I,ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act StoitRi*cr to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, Navigation, leading from the Floodgates, upon the Mill Dam, in or in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, without any Yiear the Town of Newcastleunder Line, in the County Amendment: And also,

of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from WoorThe Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for H*n)ey’i to Chester, near the Town of Namptzvich, in the County veiling the Freehold and Leasehold Estates late of £lla:e*.

of Chester, is committed; that they have Power to make Robert Henley, EiVpiire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold,

Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the Debts, lathe Road from the Floodgates upon the Mill Dam near cumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the said Town of Newcastle, to the Bottom of Church the fame, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery,

Lane, in the said Town; and also from Chesterton, and for laying out the Surplus Money, in the Bank of

through Audley and Ballerley, to Ghorjly Hill. England, iuhject to the further Order of the said Court;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Allhallows An ingrossed Bill to render more effeChial, an Act, House: And also, on the Wall passed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Tufnall’s London* Par'^' Church of Allhalluz us on the Wall, in the City enable George Esquire, to grant Build- Estates.

0 0 ' of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to ing Leases of Estates, deviled to him by Sir I

the Rector of the said Parish, and for purelialing several Ilalton, Baronet, in the county of ; to which

Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And the Passages to and from (he said Church and House also,

more commodious, was read the Third Time. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Gooch’s

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, and his Sons Thomas bllaia. be, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch, vend their Guardi-the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish ans, and the Guardians of their.Sons during their Mino-Church of Allhallozcson the Wall, in the City of London, rity, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Bir-

.and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of in the County of Warwick, and to grant a

the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces of Piece of Lai id, lying in the same Town, for the Pur*-(f round and Tenements thereon, to render the Palfngest 6 poles of building a Church, and making a Church Yard, and from the said Church and 1 louse more commodious, and to exchange I'ome Lands there; to which the Lords Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill desire the Concurrence of this House. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. And then the Metfeugers withdrew.

18 An

Ik*)

to

iia

Henley’s Estate*.

Gooch’s Eft ate*.

TufneU’s Libit es.

6 Geo. III. 168

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Kliates, late of -Hebert Henley, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold,

to raise Money to be applied to pay oil the Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and alleging the fame, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Bank of England, subject to the further Order of the said Court, was read the Fit’ll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, and his Sons Thomas Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooth, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sons during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of tVaneick, and to grant a Piece'of Land lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a Church Yard, and to exchange some Lands there, was read the.Fjrlt Time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable' George ForjierTufnell, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Estates devised to him by Sir William JIaltdn, Baronet, in the County of Middlefnc, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second’Time.

' 735

Mr. Ter mi reported from the Committee, to whom AfliWne, the Bill for repairing and widening Ihe Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to,

and from the Turnpike Hoad upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby mid Stafford, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report inliisPiace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the ‘ Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second dime, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Julliolt, from Account; the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; Public Debts, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordet,'

An Account of all the Public Debts, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of January 1766, being Old ChrijDay, with the Annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

VOL. 30.

To

D

(Q

N'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

FT

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

As ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing out the 5th Day of January 1766 (being Chrtjhnas Day)i with the t/*

Annual Intereli, or other Charges, payable for the fame. 0\

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and scribed to the South Sea Company -

Ditto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed ——

Ditto for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills ——

Note* The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, frc. being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the £.\,000,000 changed on she Deduction of 6d. per Lib. on Pensions, nor the 1,000,000 borrowed Anno 1764, charged on the Supplies, sbnno 1766, nor the £.800,000 borrowed Anno 1765, and charged on the said Supplies.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. 3m Regis, and Two other Acts 6° 90 Anna Regina, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum

Annuities at ^.3 per per^1/mo 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong AVatera -

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from the lft August 1743 ——

Tor cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii Primi Regis -

Purchased of the South Sea Company ——

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 -

Ditto atj£. 3 per Cent, per charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady Day 1719 -

at £. 3 per Cent. per Am. A0 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746

at £>3 Per Cent, per Ann. charged 011 the Sinking fund, by the AVts 25°, 28°, 29°, 32*, # 330 Gii. 2dl Regis, if 40 Gii. Tertii Regis

at £. 3 per Cent. per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, by the Ad 31 Gii. 2*" Regis -at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Ad 250 Gii. 2dl Regis -

at £. 3 per Cent. per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Ad 50 Gii. Tertii Regis

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

33,1*7 Mi 500,000

*7/7°L3*3

<600,000

is _♦ I

zt£. 3 per Cent, per Ann. chyged on the said Fund, by the said Act, and subject to be converted into Annuities with the Benefit of Survivorship at £ 3 Per Cent, per Ann. in Lottery Tickets, charged on the said Fund, by the said Act -

atj£. 3$/>er Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the Ad 290 Gii. 1" Regis -

*l£‘ 3b*r Cent, per Ann. charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, by the Ad 310 Gii. 2*1 Regis - -

at £.4 per Cent, per Ann. charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act of the 2° Gii. Tertii Regis

at £. 4 per Cent.per Ann. in Lottery Tickets, charged on the additional Duties on Wines, by the Ad 30 Gii. Tertii Regis '- - 700,000-7

at £ 4 P^ Cent, per Ann. charged on the said Fund, by the said Act - - -- -- ----- 2,800,000-j

at £. 4 perJCent. per Ann. Residue of £. 3*483,503- I- 10. charged on the Sinking Fund, in lieu of Navy Bills, fyc. subscribt d, after paying off £. 25per Cent, of that Capital, pursuant to an Act 50 Georgii Tertii Regis - -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £.100 to the Lottery 1745 were allowed an Annuity for one Life of 9*. a Ticket, which amounted to^.22,50©, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to 17,444. 15. And the Suhicribers of £.100 to the Lottery 1746 were allowed an Annuity for One Lite of i8r. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 45*000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in to £. 34,977. 10. And the Subscribers of £. 100 "for £-% per Oat. Anauitius, Anno 1137* w^re allowed an Annuity for One Life of £. 1. 2. 6. which amounted to £. 33,730, but is now reduced by Lives fiijjen in to £. 31,952. 5. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, Anno 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 90 Years of£. 1.2.6. amounting,*with tin* Changes of Management to the Bank of England, lo £. 130,053. 10. 3. And the Contributors to £. 12,000,090 for the Service of the Year 1762 fVere entitled to un Annuity for 98 Years of £. 1 per Cent, per Ann. which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of £. 121,687- 1©. which Annuities for 99 Years, and 98 Years, were consolidated by the Ad 40 Georgii Tertii Regis, all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual In bereft, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, a.s no Money was advanced for the same -

Principal Debt.

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 0° Georgii Primi Regis -

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent per Ann. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund *

Exchequer, the 16th Day of April 1766.

Sr^F. J

Annual Interest, or other Chargee payable for the fiune.

>.836,275 l7 lOj >3*»4S3 12 8

108,100 — 7*67 — —

73*4°5 2,200 H *.933 >2

3,200,000 -r 97-5 ¥ 4

1,000,000 3°,4°i 15 8

3,200,000 — — .' 100,000 ,

5 00/000 — - — 15,000 — —

4,000,000 — — 121,898 3 si

1,250,000 — ~, 37*500 —

1,750,000 — — 52,500 — —

986,800 — ~: 29,604 — —

33.627.8*1 5 1; 1^27,588 5 8

18,301,3*3 r6 4 558*996 H —

300,000 — — 9,000 —

6 oo/oooo — — 18,000 — —

i/5Q0,oooo — — 53*343 15 —

4,50 0,000 — — 160,031 5 — -

20,240,000 - — — 820,985 — —

3s5°o,oooo — — 141,968 15 —

aybT 2,664 16 4l 105.976 4 a

- 336,1*5 10

'*5,f^S,309 >3 765,3*6 8

-2,4(16,000 ~~ . U 4,181 S

VJo,er3,9Dl 4 fig 4^5,656 1^ 5

=*F=P=

a

16* Aprilif. A. \*]&$

6 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

W«MenF<rry 'The floufe, according to Order, proceeded to the 01 t,'t<JrCnt further hearing of Counsel upon the Report, which Mersey River was ma^e from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Canal. making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby,

| to or near Swarkstone and in the said County,

Which nor, Rudgley, Stone, and in the County

I ’of SMffoMjtXtvd from thence to or’near -Lawton and

rf/lbuty, in the^ County of Cftg?er, and' to the Riter <Jty, Was committed.

And the Counsel for and agaiflft the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined severalWitndTes.'and produced Evidence, ih^h p-pott of the said Bill; and summed up their TvidenCe.

And the Counsel for the’Petitioners Earl

Ferrers and Henry Earl of Uxbridge-, and aM'o the Counsel for the ’Petitioners Sampson the younger,

Wi Ilium liichaedjon, Joseph Wilks, the younger, and

Abralidtn Ilojkins, in behalf of themselves and the rest of the Ledbes, under the Right Honourable HenfyRav] of Uxbridge, isf the "Navigation of the River Trent, from Witden Ferhj, in the County of Derby, to Burton upon

Trent, in the County of Stafford; and also the Counsel for the Petitioners being several of the Triiflees appointed to put in execution an Act to amend an Act, Wade in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-j^y King George the First, for making the R i ver Weaver navigable, from Frodjha to Bridge,

in the County of Chejle and for the more effectual pre-

serving and improving the Navigation of the said River; and also for the Pei itioners being several of the Persons, who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Ton-| nage of the Navigation of the said River, whole Names

j are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other

Trustees and Creditors upon the said Tonnage of the said Navigation; and also for the Petitioners being feve-j ral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be-

' ing Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Grounds, lying

near the River Weaver, and which run from Winsfoi-d.

Bridge, to the River Mersey, at or near a certain Place called Runoome Gap, in the County of Chester; and also for the Petitioners being several Persons whose Names are subscribed, being Owners of Lands, lying near that Part of the River Weaver, which runs from Bridge, to Frodsham Bridge, in the County Of Chester-, were heard, by way of keply.

And then the Counsel for and against the Bill were , directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said

|. Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, art Twelve of the

!- Clock.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Mean*. rcfoivC if felt' into a Committee of the whole House,

| to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

| Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

silk The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Manufacture, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Alliltants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves,

and {lie Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain-, and ail'd

I the Petition of several Matter Silk Weavers, in and neat

the City of Londoli; were severally referred;

I Rejoined, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing,: delve itself into a Committee of the whole hjutife,

I to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That Mr, Ve Leave to make Jf

‘ fiction, it being pall Ten of the Clock.

Vcl. 30.

Arid He moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah AgC°utnr"’ Account of the Quantity of Sugars imported info U&*r‘ Great Britain, from Clirijlmas 1764 to 17654

distinguishing the Places from whence they were imported. . , .

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, dfi Account of the Quantity of Sugars exported from Britain, from Clirijlmas 176010 Christmas 1765; distin-guidling the Species exported, and the Quantity exported in each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make 'a Motion.

Arid*lie irioved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Ffoufje, ap Account; Account of the Produce paid irito the Exchequer, from Window the 10th Day of October 1755), to the 10th Day of O6I0- Dutie*' her 1765, of the Rates and Duties uponHouses, and Windows or Tights, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; distinguishing each Year.

And jthen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine, of the Clock.

Jovis, 17° die Afrilis;

Anno 6* Georgii III'11 Re'gis, 1766.

Prayers.

MR. Frederick Montagu reported from the Corn,- Lord mittee, to whqm the ingrossed Bill from the Midleton’s Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Pep Simple Ettate of Gdwgelate Lord Viscount of

the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in aiul appointed to be paid by his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contracts entered inty, by hhri, for felling arid leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland-, and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law and Equity; was committed;

That the £ornfriittee Had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabl^.

Arid the said Bill was read the Third Time. kefolved. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac- Ktoefthorpa cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the IncMure. Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pali ures, Common Grounds, Heath, and, Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition, of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and ^Canas* Traders, residing in and near the Town of Rochdale, in ana ’ the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the

9 B House,

t

7$8

17° A prills.

A. 1766.

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, have seen, that several Bills are now depending in Parliament, for making fwndry navigable Canals in Slirop Mr. Bull presented to the House, according to Order, shire, Derbyshire, Slajfordshire, and Clic/hirc-, and that a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

the Petitioners are informed, that those Canals arc in- Commons, or Walk; Grounds, situate, lying, and being tended to be connected with and joined to the present within the Manors of Aston and in the County

Navigation of the River Wearer, at or near to North- of YorkAnd the same was received; and read the

A ft on and WaJa lticlotur*.

W'h1«

Dj:

Biddenden,

&c.

Roadi.

City of London Paving, &c.

4 tcieh, in the County of Chester; that the Petitioners apprehend, that it would be of much move Public Utility, if the said intended Canals were to be joined, at the most convenient Place, with the Navigation, now carrying on by the Duke of Bridgewater from Manchester to the Mcrfey; And therefore praying, That the said intended Navigations may be so connected with the Canal now making navigable by the Duke of Bridgewater, as to the House shall feom meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

; Mr. Befi presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending and widening the Hoad from the ' Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fever/ham, at a Place called Bound Gate: And the same was received^ and read the Eirft l itne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert iMdbroke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstrudions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

RcJ'olvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Ring George the First, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hilly in the County . of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Netting-ham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hilly to Fojion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do puss: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of Twro Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hilly in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hilly to Fojton Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brown low Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Spittlegate

Hill,

&c.

Road.

Account;

Cotton.

The House being informed, that Mr. One

of the Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money allowed the several Receivers General of the Land'Taxes, within the Division of William Esquire, One of the Auditors of

His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Years 1763 and 1761. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. ' to the Bill for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Road* Tunbridge Wills, in the County of Kent, to RinglesTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

rr.uMj .1.- n_... O-./r.-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cotton imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing the Places from whence the same was imported; together with an Account of the Quantity of Cotton exported, during the same Time.

Tunbridge Mr. Planter reported Horn the Committee, to whom

Account*; Militia Pay and Clothing.

Aston and Wales Inclosure.

Dart ford, &c. Road.

Crofsy near I rc/{field, in the County of Sussex, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then ti Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question several !y put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordercdy That Mr. Bull be added to the Gentlemen* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the most noble 'Thomas Duke of Leeds, the Right honourable Robert Karl of Holder ness, Lord of the Manors of Afon and Wales, in the County of York; and also of William Ma-Jin, Mailer of Arts, Rettor of the Parish Church of .7don aforesaid, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of therr.folvcs and others, beingOwners and Proprietors of divers Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the same Manors respectively.

Sir Charles Farnaby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, lbveral Road? leading to the Town of Hartford, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time. 1

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fenwick, One Ditto, of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money allowed the fev eral Receivers General of the Land Taxes, within the Division of Thomas Wynn, Esquire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Years 1763 and 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused b v the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Grey, One of Ditto, the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money allowed the* Receivers General of the Land Taxes, within the Divifmn of Henry Shelley, Esqu ire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Years 1763 and 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the T itle of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

u-

Account;

Window

Duties.

Warchsm

Roads.

Ditto.

6 Geo. III. 17* Aprilis. 739

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, from the 10th Day of October 1759. to the iothDay of October 1765, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants of the Isle of Pur-beck, in the County of Dorset, and of the Borough and Town of Corse- Castle, and of the Town or Village of

Sicanioich, in the said Isle and County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have received a printed Copy of a Bill for amending several Roads leading from the Market Crrfs in the Borough of Warehand the Isle of Pur-

beck; and that the said Isle of Purbeck lies remote from till great Roads; and that very little Trade or Commerce is carried on there but by Sea; and that the Road, as described in the Bill, from Corse Castle, through Kingston, Worth, Langton, Maltravers, to and the Road from Sicanioich, through to the Top of NineBarroio Dozen, tend to the same Place; and that the Road by Ulicet’, to the Top of Nine roic ZLrcttj.and thence to Corse Castle, would be very eai'y repaired by the Laws now in being; and that the other Road from Corse Castle, through Kingston, Worth, Langton, Maltravers, to Swaiiuich, is in many Places very miry, in others very rocky, and narrow; and should the said Road ever be repaired, which the Petitioners apprehend, confulering the Extent of Roads, included in the Bill, the Tolls would never be fufli-cient for the Purpose, yet the said Road would be of little or no public Utility; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it would be very injurious and of-preffive to the Isle of Purbeck in general; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun-fel, in respect to the fame, or be otherwise relieved, as to the Iloule shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of Dorset, and Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Dorchester, and of the Borough and Town of Wareham, in the said County, afi'embled at Dorchester aforesaid, the Fifth Day bf April, 1766, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Roads, comprised in the said Bill, are very extensive, amounting, on a moderate Computation, to about Sixty-eight, measured Miles, and that several of those Roads are very little frequented by Travellers; and that the Expence of completing the said Roads, and putting the said Act into execution, will coll, upon a moderate Computation, f. 13,000 and upwards; and that, the Tolls arising from all the intended Gates in the said Bill will not discharge the Interest of the fame, exclusive of the other annual Expences attending the Execution of the said Act; and that no public Meeting of the Gentlemen, Clergy, or Freeholders of the said County of Do Jet, or of the Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Dor-chester, Wareham, or Corse Castle, has been had, to know their Opinion of the Practicability or Ltility of such Vol. 30.

Bill; but, on the contrary, that the Petition for such Bill was signed by the inconsiderable Number of Fifteen Persons only, very few of whom have any Property or Concern in the said County of Dorset, and several of them never known or heard of by the Petitioners, until their signing the said Petition; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, in respect to the fame, or may have fuc h Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill R'£u!atirtlsj for better regulating Apprentices, and articled Journey- APPr^tices/ men, employed in the several Trades and Manufactures within this Kingdom: And that Mr. and Mr. Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Silk to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,- M®auf"cu,e-to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of tlte Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Master Silk Weavers, in and near the City of London; were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Bejblved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to extend an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Preventing Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for ^ob’ti:ry‘ the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for de claring the Law, upon some Points, relative to Pirates; to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restrainirlg Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom } was read a Second Time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, M r. Kynaston, Lord ride, M r. Edmonfone, Sir Charles Lord Grey,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Shif tier, Mr, Bagot, Mr. Fuller,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Onfow, Mr. Campbell, Lord John Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Forrefer, Lord Strange, Mr. 77 iurlmo, Mr. Dundas, Mr, Ojioald, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Rigby, the Mailer of the Rolls, Sir George Savile, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Hi fey, Mr. Grqjvenor, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. H Sir Anthony Ab-

dy, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Pryfc Campbell, Mr. Blackfone, Mr.

Whichcot iand all the Members who serve for

Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who cpme are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeremiah Balfour do, upon American

day Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Colonies. House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Cqnivay, upon the 14th. 2zd, 27th,

28th, and 31st Days of Jqnuary last, and the 5th, loth, 17th, and 21st Days of February lait, and upon the 3d Day of March lad, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the

adjourned

740

170 — -if$° Mprilis.

A.\i 66.

WiMenFtrry adjourned Consideration of tlieReport, whith was made 00 1 e ttM from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a

to

Jlerfty River Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trait, at or Canal. near Wilden Fern/,in the County of Derby; to or near Szvarkftone and Will in* ton, in the said County, Which-nor, Ritdgley, Stone, and in the County of

Stafford; and front thence to or near Lawton and Act bury, in, the County of and to the River

Merjty, was committed;

The House proceeded to take tl?e said Report into further Consideration.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be re* committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Quelliou being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the lAid-Bril be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to °the. said. Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, -several of them were di fag reed to, and the roll were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the-House.

A.Clajufe was offered to' be added to the Rill, that Copyhold Lands shall remain subject to former Dues.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the IiOufe,tOibe made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the taking of any Water for the Use of this Navigation, out of the River Trent, between Burton and Wilden.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent any Damage being done to SaltWorks.

And the said Clause was Twite read, with a!Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to lie made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the taking of any Water from a certain Rivulet belonging to Sivinfen Jarvis, Esquire.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question nut thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

for explaining arid amending'so much 6f made in the First Year of the Reign of Kii

Militia

Pay and Clothing,

The other Order of the Day being read;

Re/dved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for Oue Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual»the several Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the 'Militia.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

an Act, King James the

Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement bf'Trilage, as relates to the City of without any Amendment: And also,

The' Lords have agreed to t he Bill, intituled, An Act for repairin g, widening, and keeping in ’Repair, I he Road leading from Crninford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road, at or, near 'Langley Mill, in the said-County, without any Amendment; Arid also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watchipg the Streets, arid other Places, in the Towp and Parish of Richmonin the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and incroachments therein; and for shutting up a Road from the late Hotfe 'Ferry at Kew, to llqftSheen Lane, near Richmond Green, and for amend-

ing, and peeping in Repair, the 'Road from Kew Bridge to Richmond; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a ’BUI, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Messuages, Lands, ^Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northamptonand FJJl x,

and in the City of London, late the ’Estate of Piggott Ince,' Esquire, deceased, and late the Wife, and

now the Widow, of the said Piggott luce, in Trustees, to be foldrarid disposed of, in pursuance of certain Agreements, and for Uilcharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes therein expressed; to winch the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a " Bill, intituled, An Act for the Saje and Disposition of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the I fine inheritable under his Marriage Settlement; to which the ‘Lords del:re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynpfton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from flic Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale and Disposition of Part of the settled Estate of Tlwmas Lloyd, Esquire, for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for providing an Equivalent or Comperifa-fation for the lame, to the Ifine inheritable under his Marriage Settlement, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Law relating ta rI Usage.

CromforJ

Bridge,

Rood.

Richmond

(Surrey)

Poor.

Ince’*

Eftati.

Lloyd9*

Estate.

D’tto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V$neris,> 18° die;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766. Prayers.

R. Blackftqne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Justices of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, and also the Petition of the Trustees of tin?

First

Penmate

Road

Alii home, Road.

6 Geo. III. i8° dprilis. 741

First District of Roads, comprised in an Act of Parliament made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Maj» fty, for amending the Road leading from gate, in the Parish of Wijlbury, to Bridge,

near the lvdl End of Market Laving ton, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read (lie Heport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

The said Ail was read; And

Mr. Benjamin Peach, being examined, said, That several Sums of Money had been advanced on the Credit of the 'Foils of the First District of the said Roads; and that upwards of £.2,000 is now owing on the Credit thereof; and that the Tolls of the said District are now let to Farm at the Annual Rent of £.221.

1 hat he had attended several Meetings of the Trustees for the Second District of the said Roads, particularly One in last June was Twelve Months; that it had been proposed, at the said Meetings, to erect Turnpikes, and carry the said Act into execution; but that this Proposal had been always over-ruled, and the Aftflill remains unexecuted in the said Second District, under Pretence that it is not possible to raise a sufficient Sum of Money, notwithstanding the Witness himself had oftered to lend £. 2,000 for that Purpose.

That when it has been proposed to erect Turnpikes, at any of the Meetings of the Trustees, the Proposal has always been carried in the Negative; and notwithstanding the Trustees have constantly met in June annually, for Six or Seven Years past, they have always adjourned for a Year, without doing any Business.

That the Roads in the Second District are in a very ruinous Condition; and lie never knew them worl'e than at present.

In support of the Second mentioned Petition, the same Witness said, That repairing the Roads in the Second District will be a great Advantage to the neighbouring Parts, and to the Public in general.

That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the present Debt discharged, in case the Two Districts should be consolidated, unless the Term and Po wers granted by the said Act, are further continued and enlarged.

And that the Witness applied to Samuel Salmon, the Clerk to the Trustees for the Second District, to attend the Committee, with his Books, 011 Monday last; but that he wrote him an Answer, that he was engaged, and could not attend.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, lbr amending the Road leading from in the

Parish of Westhnry, in the County of Wilts, to Latchet's

Bridge, near the East End of Market iMvington; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the Turnpike Road near Dewie's and also the

Road leading from Bolcjborough to /Lane and also the Road leading from Yarnhrook, to the Turnpike Road at Melksham, in the said County of Wilts: And that Mr. Blackstone and Mr. Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Ashhorne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, to Tut bury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Vol. 30.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor, to Tulbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing'certain Open and Adderbury Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish Inclosure. of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, commonly called and known by the several Names of Adderbury Eastfield, Coalfield, Adderbury Westfield, and Boddicotfield, and several other odd Pieces of Open

or Commonable Land, adjoining or belonging to the fame, or otherwise used therewith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Upton,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Weddell, Mr. Shijfner, Mr. Luther,

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Darker, Mr. Plurnptre, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fuller, Lord Catlierlough, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Buller, Lord Mex-borough. Lord Brownloto Bertie, Mr. Butler, Lord

Pigotl, Mr. Drake, Mr. Gray, Mr. Clive, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Lord Lome, Mr. Thrale, Mr.

Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Ward, Lord Grey,

Mr. Wedderbum, Lord Orwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Northampton,

Warwick, Bucks, Gloucester, and Berks; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Luther reported from the Committee, to whom Chelmer the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble R.,ve? , Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Nav,8*uon* and Farmers, of the County of Essex, and of many Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants living in several Towns and Villages in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Yeomans said. He surveyed the said River from the Town of Chelmsford, to the Port of Maldon, in the Years 1762 and 1765, and found the same capable of being made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and that such Navigation will not take a Sixtieth Part of the Water, nor damage any Lands, as it will not stand higher than at present it does at the Mills upon the Stream; the Water will be raised between some of the Mills, particularly between the Paper Mill, and Low Mill, by Hufcott's Meadow, but that the Meadow will not be overflowed thereby; that the Expence of making the said Navigation will be about £. 13,000: And he produced to your Committee an Account thereof; as follows:

To purchase Land ... 1*803 15 o

The several Works on the River - 6,785 o o

Spade Work, Kc. - - - 3*440 o o

Act of Parliament, and other Contingencies - - - 97150

£. 13,000 o. o

He then informed your Committee, that the present Price of Land Carriage, from Chelmsford to

9 C is

Bourn

Drainage,

742 \%* Aprilis. 1766.

is Eight Shillings per Ton, and by the Navigation it Mr. presented to the House, according St. Andrew,

is proposed to be done for Four Shillings per Ton; to Order, a Bill for the better regulating and ein- Hollo, he further said, that the Meadows through which the ploying the Boor, and for cleansing, lighting, and Street*.

Navigation is to be made will not be prejudiced, as the watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places,

Navigation will be made chiefly by deepening the Bed within the Parish of George the Martyr, and so

of the River. much of the Parish of Saint Andrews in tlte

Mr. Timothy Skinner, being examined, said, the Na- County of is above the Bars: And the

vigation will he of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of same was received; and read the First Time.

the County of F.fiex, particularly at Chelmsford, and in Resolve That the Bill be read a Second Time, the Northern Parts of the County, as it would reduce Tunbridge

the high Price of Carriage of all Sorts of Commodities, An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the to which is now generally complained of; that Lime and Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, Ringies Cro& Chalk could then be got out of Kent, for manuring to Ringles Cross, near Uckfeld, in the County of Sussex, the Lands, which are very w et; that Coals would then was read the Third Time.

be bought at a cheaper Rate for the Use of the Poor, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and for Brewing, and other Uses; in which they are now be, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike obliged to bum Straw7, which is much wanted to make at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Com poll of, particularly in the Roodings. Cross, near Uckjidd, in the County of Sussex.

Mr. Lionel Lucking, being examined, said, He ap- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

prehends the making the Navigation from Chelmsford Lords, and desire their Concurrence, to Maldon, will be of great Advantage, by reducing

the Price of Carriage of Corn and Coals; that the An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Brimmington Lands want Manure, and that Chalk and Lime for Roads from and in the County chefttrfield

that Purpose might be got at an easy Rate, if the Na- of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places Road*, vigation was made -, that the Carriages of the Inha- therein mentioned, was read the Third Time, bitants of many Parts of the County, are obliged to Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be out Three Days to fetch Coals, which they could do he. An Afor repairing and widening the Roads from in One, if the Navigation was made; in many Parts Brimmington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, they are obliged to go Seventeen or Twenty Miles over the High Moors, to the several Places therein to fetch Coals; that the People of Dunmore, and Places mentioned.

adjacent, and in the Roodings, are in general con- Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to vinced of the Utility of the Navigation; that Chelmf-the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ford Market is the most considerable for Corn in that

County; and if the Navigation was completed, it would An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Mansfield, begreatlyincreased, andmoreCorn won Id be conveyed to Road from the Mans field and Chesterfieldf urnpike Road,

Maldon, by reason of the lowering the Price of Carriage, near the Nine Milestone from Mansfield, through Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Temple Tupton Neiv and

making the River Chclmcrnavigable, from the Port of Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover,

Maldon, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of in the County of Derby, w as read the Third Time.

Ffiex: And that Mr. Luther, Mr. Bertie, Sir William Resolved, That the BUI do pal's: And that the Title

Maynard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Rigby, and Mr. be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Brand, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turn pike Road, near the

Nine MileStone from Mansfield, through Temple Nor-Lord Brownloro Bertie reported from the Committee, man!on Tupton Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to to whom the Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the draining several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, County of Derby.

Waite and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Pa- Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to rifli of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, was commit- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speed v Re- Derby that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to covery of Small Debts within the Borough of Derby, Small Debt*, the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except and the Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time, the Proprietors of 458 Acres of Land in the said Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Fields and Meadows, who being applied to, refused to be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of sign the Bill; and that tint whole Number of Acres Small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Li-intended to be inclosed, amount to 2450; and also bertics tiiereof.

except the Owners of 63 Houses, who have Right Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to of Common in the said Fens, who being applied the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Houses entitled to Right of Common, amount An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Brigham to ‘300, or thereabouts; and that no Person ap- Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Com- hiuoiure. peared before the Committee to oppose the said monable Grounds, in the Township of in the

Bill; and that the Committee had gone through Parish of in the Kalt Riding of the County of

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, York,\vread the Third Time,

which they had directed him to report to the House; ReThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title,

and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Meadows, Failures, and Commons, or Commonable Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Grounds, in the Township of in the Parish of

lead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Foston, in the Fast Riding of the County of York.

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Ordered, That Mr. Hyde do carry the Bill to the several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were Lords; and dciire their Concurrence, agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments

were made, by the House, to the Bill. Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Warebam

0>dered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading into Roads-ingr.Hed the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorj'et,

was

743

bGeo. III.

Bourf-Mrark

S$trett».

k

Was re-committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, imd Occupiers of Land, in the County of Dorset, and Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of,

and of the Borough and Town of in the said

County, assembled at Dorchefleraforesaid, the 51h of April 176b; and h id made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons, who had petitioned this House against the said Bill, and who were to be heard by their Conofel, when the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, should be received, did not intend to be heard by their Count'd, or further to oppose-the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Sir Robert I.adbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, William Tvfer, Esquire, said, That the Road through the Borough of Southwark is the principal Outlet from the City of London; that a considerable Part of the proposed 1’olls, to he taken by the intended Bill for paving the Streets of the Borough, will be paid by the Citizens of Iwridnn.

That there are several considerable Streets at the End of all the Bars, at the Entrance into the City.

And being atked, what Proportion he thought the Rents of the Houses in the Borough bear to the Rents of the Houses in the City? he said, he thought the Rents of the Houses in the City were higher, though the Houses in the High Streets of the Borough let very well.

That he thinks the People in the City are higher taxed than any People in the Kingdom; that they pay Tour Shillings in the Pound to the Land Tax, and to the Orphans; and other Taxes not less titan Five Shillings more in the Pound.

Then Mr. Dance, the City Surve3ror, being atked what Proportion lie thought the Houses in the Borough bear to the Houses in the City r lie said, That he thought that the Borough was not One Twentieth Part so large as the City of London.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the High Street, Part of White Street,

and Kent Street, in the Borough of and Parish

of Xeivington, in the County of Surrey; and for cleans-

ing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; is committed; that they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for applying a reasonable Proportion of the Toll proposed to be raised by the said Bill, towards paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and Liberties thereof;

Vol. 30.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp n c 4.u v {Sir Robert Ladbroke, 1 Tellers for the Yeas, jMr Patcr/m; J 9.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wiy* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, from the Time such Duties were respectively laid, to the Fifth Day of April 1765; distinguishing the

Amount of each Duty in every Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of'Housei in England and Wales, having Seven or any greater Number of Windows or Lights, not exceeding 25, distinguishing how many of such Houses have the feme Number of Windows or Lights, together with the Total Number of Windows or Lights in such Houses as contain more than 25 Windows, be referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce paid into the Exchequer, from the Tenth Day of October 1759, to the 10th Day of October 1765, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, granted by an Act, made in the 31st Year of his late Majesty’s Reign; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered. ThatSurplufes, Hated the 5th Day of April 1^65: And also,

Surplufes, stated the Tenth Day of October 1765; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, from the Tenth Day of Offieber, to the Fifth Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining uniflued, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewinghow the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1765, have been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of March 1766, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands, in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales, the ill of July 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses* stated the 5th April 1759:

And also,

Surplufes, stated the 10th October 1759; which were presented to the House upon the 23d Day of January 1760; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th April 1760

And also,

Surplufes, stated the 10th October 1760; which were presented to the House upon the 12th Day of January 1761; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, Hated the 5th April 1761:

And also, (

Surplufes, stated the 10th October 1761; which were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of 1762; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes Hated the 5th Day of April 1762: And also,

Surplufes, Hated the 10th Day of October 1762; which

were

744 t8° — 21°

were presented to the House upon the 3d Day of to Meant. j[/arc/t be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, dated the 5th Day of April 1763: And also,

Surplufes, dated the 10th Day of October 1763; which were presented to the House upon the 10th Day of Februanj 1764; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes, dated tl*e 5th Day of April 1764: And also,

Surplufes, dated the 10th Day of October 1764; Which were presented to the House upon the nth Day ' of February 1765; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes, taken before the Declaration of War; which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the most Chridian King, concluded and signed at London, the 27th of February 1765; and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 22d Day of March 1765; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to condder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis. A. 1766.

George Savile, Mr. Shuttleuiorth, Mr. Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Tufnell, Lord Gar lief, Mr. Tracey, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Bootle, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Bagot, Lord Pigot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Blackstone presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-fird Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of W in the County of Wilts, to Latchct's Bridge, near the Ead End of Market Lavington; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the Turnpike Road near Dewey's Water; and also the Road leading from Bolejborough to Studley Lane End; and also the Road leading from Yarnbrook, to the Turnpike Road at Alelksham, in the said County of Wilts: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Mandon House of the Earl and Counted) of Powis, in Albemarle Street, now settled on them and their Ilfue, inTrudees, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of . Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. De Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little Ellinghant, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Luntzt 2i° die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766.

Prate*.

Hamber f\Rdered, That all have Voices, who come to the

Lijht House* Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down and Sn«m*p removing certain Light Houses, now danding upon pom ou»t. Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light Houses indead thereof, is committed.

U°yd’» An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale and Disposition of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the Ilfue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Coventry, Lord Grey, Mr. Forrefer, Mr. Luther, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Shiffher, Lord Carysfort, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir *7

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Parish Church of Saint Leonard, and Vicarage House thereunto adjoining, are situate at the Lower End of a certain Street, called Corn Street; and that there is a public Way, or Passage, under the Tower, and Part of the same Church, extreme narrow, dangerous, and inconvenient; that the Vicarage of Leonard became void by the Celfion of the lait Incumbent; that the Lord Bishop of the Diocese having, by virtue of his Power, Ordinary and Episcopal, and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns corporate, duly united and consolidated the said Parish Church of Saint Leonard, with all its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to and in the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, within the said City; and hath ordered, decreed, and declared, that the Church of Saint Nicholas shall be the foie Parish Church of bot h the said Parishes; and that the said Vicarage House of Leonard is a very old Building; and that the Ground whereon the said Church and Vicarage I louse Hand, is much wanted, for widening and enlarging the public Passage, and for. opening a new Street from thence to the Quay; and that the Petitioners have already petitioned the House,_ for a Bill for widening several Streets, Lanes, and other Places within the City of Bristol, and for other Purposes: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for taking dowq, and removing the said

Church

P«ngate

Hoad*

Earl Powk? Estate.

Little

Eilingham

Inclosure,

Bristol Street*

City of l>ondon PuvMlg, Sc c.

Ditto.

6 Geo. III.

21

o

Aprilis.

745

Mucklcy

Corner,

kc.

Road.

Cluirch of Saint Leonard, and the Vicarage House and for veiling the Frceliold and Leafehuld Estates, late of Appurtenances, and to life the Ground whereon the Robert Henley, Efijuire, decea in Trudies, to be same now dand, for the Purpose of widening and en- fold, to raile Money, to lie applied to pav oif the larging the said Passage. ' Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the affecting the fame, under the Direction of the Court Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for of Chancery, and for laving out the Surplus Money in widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, the Bank of England, subject to the further Order of the within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new said Court, was read a Second Time.

St reets and Passages within the same; and for explain- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord tug, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the several her///, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Acts passed, i'or paving, cleansing, lighting* watching, Sir Anthony Mr. Ward, Mr.

and regulating the Streets, and other Places, within the Mr Mr Mr. Rest, Lord G/

said City, and Liberties thereof; is committed. Mr. Fane, Mr. Miller, Mr. Gray, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

Ordered, That it be an lullruction to the said Com- Harvey, Mr. Grey, Lord Brozanlaw Bertie, Mr. mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the ley. Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sir

said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition. Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Burton, Sir Armine

Mr. Delaval, Sir Charier Mr. Byde, Air.

The Lord Ore, presented lothe House, according to Mr. A* Sir Jarrit Mr.

>rH.r , l.o Ho., I ileyrtck, Mr. Touchet, Sir Edmund fhomas, Mr. 0.,g-

Henley’3

Iiftdte§;

Dudley Turnpike Hoad, and from Max ley Sand Bedr, to

the Waif all and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church

Bridge to BlnxxcichChapel, and to Barn Hales and An ingrossed Bill for allotting, dividing, inclosing,

Ida fall aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford: And and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Mea-

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London , and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert I.adbroke, Mr Fonnereau, Sir Charier Mordaunt, Mr.

Toion/hend, Mr. Coventry, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Anson, ing, the Stone Bridge, leading into the Town of Shreicf-Lord Burgher/h. Lord Caryrfort, Mr. Kynaston, Lord bury, and for rendering the Passages leading thereto Garlics, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Forrester, Mr. more commodious, and for removing Obstructions

Fane, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Shiffher, Sir Herbert Lloyd, the Paflhge for Water, under the said Bridge, and Ivord BroxenloxoBertie, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Byde, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Chy ton, Mr. Morton, General Whitmore, Mr. Seymour, Mr. BcJl, Sir John Gibbons, Sir Francis Vincent,

Air. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Toxvnshend, Mr. Bobin-

Jbn, Mr. Ilenniker; and all the Members who serve

for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex,

Bourn

Drainage;

&c.

flows, Waite, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and drain- ing, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste, and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownloxv Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ky naff on reported from the Committee, to whom Shrewsbury the Bill for repairing, widenin

r>»

altering, and enlarg-

Bridge.

for erecting a temporary Bridge, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

Essex, Hertford, Kent, Surrey, and Suffer: And (hey the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof.

fill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were to, and the rest were agreed to by the

dif agreed

and for preventingObftructions and Annoyances within House; and several Amendments were made, by the the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; House, to the Bill.

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Ladbroke, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Burton, Lord Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bejl, Sir TV Air.

Toxcnjkend, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ward, Lord Air. Forrester, Mr. Coventry, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shut-tlcworth, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Mr.

Lord Brou nlotvBertie, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Paterson,

Air. Byde, Sir John Major, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Grey, General Whitmore, Lord IItrice. Air. Dodd, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Seijmour, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Coutts, Mr. He/miker, Mr. Bertie ;and all the Members who

serve for the City of Ixmdon, and the Counties of Middle sex, Ejff'tr, Hertford, Surrey, Kent, and Suffix: And

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of William Camps, William Jacklin, James Hoxo, Samuel Frojl, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, having a Right of Common in Waterbeach Level, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending, for draining and preserving Stretham Common, in the Parish of Strctham, in the Isle of Ely and County of and also that a Petition has been presented from the Commissioners for executing an Act made in the 14th Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving Waterbeach Level, for Provision to be made, in the

Stretham

Drainage/

See.

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, said Bill, to raise a further Sum of Money by an Acrt^ in the Speaker’s Chamber. "lax, for the more effectually carrying the said Act into

execution, and for reducing the Number of Cattle An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act allowed, by the said Act, to be depaftwed in the fe--Vol. 30. . 9 D veral

tWlcf

Xndofure.

Biddenden,

*c.

Roads.

Paflagci to the Bank of England.

74 6 2i° A prills. A. ij66.

veral Commonable Waste and Fen Grounds, in the Manor of Waterbeach cum in the said County of Cambridge; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners conceive the said Tax, imposed by the said Act, is fully sufficient to answer the Purposes for which it was granted, and that any Increase thereof, or any Reduction in the Number of Cattle so allowed by the said Act, will be grievous to the Parties, and an additional unnecessary Burthen upon their Estates: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against laying any such additional Tax, and any Reduction in the Number of Cattle allowed in the said Act; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, and preserving , in the

Parish of Stretham, in thelfle of Ely, in the County of

Cambridge, and for the Building of a Bridge over the River Ouze, between the said Common and other Commonable Fen Lands, in the said Parish, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Thoroton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Darky, in the County of Derby, called Darley Common: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through

Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Be/, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Milks, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Coutts, Mr. Lafcclks, Mr. Townshend, Mr. O/xoald, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Seymour, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Robert Long, Sir George Savile, Mr. Keek, Mr. Long, Mr.

Cholmley, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Burton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Eioer, Lord Li/burne, Mr. Jaclifon, Sir Armine WodehouJ'e, Mr. Ridky, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Ho-

bart, Sir Edteard Dering, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Corne-wall, Mr. PreJ'cot, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Dodd, Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hewe.lt, Mr. Pringle, Sir John Major, Mr. Burrell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sizffex, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: and they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses, and Ground, contiguous and near to the Bank, and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Wards of Cornhill and Broad/reet, within the City of London, to them referred; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George For/er Esquire, to grant

Building Leases of Estates, devised to him by Sir William Dalton, Baronet, in the County of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to Lord Burgher/h, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, Mr. Fuller, Sir Alexander , Mr.

Tu/nell, Mr. tey, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

Tozonjhcnd, Mr. Foley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. JenkinJ'on, Mr. Ward, Sir Walter Blacket, Lord

Frederic Campbell, Mr. Vane, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Ellis, Lord Carys/ort, Mr.

Mr. Ezcer, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Pbimsr, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Grey, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Touchet, Sir John Major, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gngley, Mr. Mr. l*wis, Mr.

Pater/on, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mackzoorth, Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Darnerand all t he Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Sur-

rey, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Li/burne reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower John Jones, Esquire, and Maria his Wife, lobe Margaretta Maria Weller, Widow, and other the Devisees of John Maryon, Clerk, deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Charlton, and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor, and also in the Parishes of Woolzoich and Plum/ed, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee liad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Lijburnc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying, and being within the Manors of Ajlonand in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

R(/olved, Y\\oX the Bill be committed to Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Kyna/on, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Touchet, Sir Charks Mordaunt, Mr. Fotinereau, Mr. Shi finer, Mr. Byde, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Morton, Mr. Mr* Fuller, Mr. Butler, Mr. La/celles, Lord Li/burne, Sir John Gibbons, Lor d Frederick Campbell, Lord Strange,

Mr. Coventry, Lord North, Mr. Ward, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Pryfie Campbell, Mr. Burke, Mr. Cadogun, Lord Catys/ort, Sir Walter Blacket, Sir Francis Vincent, Mr. Vane, Mr. Darker, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Armine Wodehou/e, S\r George Savile, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Hvjke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-moreland, and Lanca/er: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Smith,

Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for dil’charging Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the

Satisfuc-

Tufncll*

Eibue*.

Jones’

(and otb«n)

A (Ion and

Walet

Inclosure*

Smith's

EiUtcs*

K^wcastle Coal Trade.

'.ttrington lndcu:re.

Jungfthorpe

inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 'll6 dpritis. 747

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom, the Bill to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Sen 'cv/Ucand Sunderland, was committed-; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Coal Fitters, a nd Owners or Matters of Ships, belonging to the Port of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, and also of the principal Merchants and Inhabitants of the said Port, to them referred; and that the Comrnittee liad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Tune, One liy One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Lafcellesreported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pattrington, in Holde in the East Riding

of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of Ni netcen Oxgangs and a Quarter; and that the \V hole of the said Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed contain One hundred and Twenty Oxgangs; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had tlireCled him to report to the House; and he read tho Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common f ields. Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Kingslhorpe, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederic Montagu, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Bejl, Lord Brownlozo Bertie, Sir Robert , Mr. Burt,

Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Clayton, Sir Herbert Lloyd, Lord Lijburne, Sir Robert Long, Sir Alexander Grant, Mr. Kyjiaston, Mr. Long, Mr. Ryde, Mr. Gilbeii, Mr. Milles, Mr. Fcnnereau, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Penion, Sir Thomas

Cave, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Keck, Mr. Knight, Mr. Calvert, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bromley s and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, Warwick Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, -at Five of the Clbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Horde do make the Report Vol. 30.

from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more Suttoti» effectual an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, prefprving, and improving, the Low Grounds and; Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton, GanfleaSwine, Benning-holme, BcnningholmeGrange, and North

Skirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Long Ri/lon, Leven, Heigh Holme, and HallytreeHolme, Braudes Burton, and

fal, Ejke, Tick ton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and,

otherwise Waron, in Iiolderness, in the Bast Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Tile Lord Howe accordingly reported from, the said. Committee, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Parties concerned had given their Consens to, the Bill, to the Satisfaction, of the Committee, except Eaton Mainwairing Elkrker, Esquire, possessed of Five hundred and Thirty-seven Acres withm the said Low Grounds and Carrs, who, on being applied to, said, he wifoed a Bill to pass for the Purpose of thq Drainage, but would not sign his Consent, saying, he wa^ not enough Atafter of the Subject to receive l’uffi-cient Satisfaction to form his Judgment upon; and, also except the Proprietors of Four hundred and Forty-Acres, several of whom, on being applied to, said they* wished the Works might go on, but their Quantities being ft> small they had no Occasion to sign; and that the whole of the Land contained in the said Lowr Grounds and Carrs copfifts of Six thousand Four bun-, dred and Forty-four Acres; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Ferry,

in the County of Derby, to or near Swarkstone, and ling toil, in the said County, Rydgley, Stone,

and Burslem, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to or near Lawton and AJlbury, in the county of ,

and to the River Mersey, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for erecting Mile Stones on the Sides of the Canal, and declaring how many Pounds foal I be deemed an Hundred Weight in Carriage of Goods upon the Canal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 29. After " Si," to insert " Richard

Davenport, Esquire, and Charlei " Howard."

15. 9. After " Baronet," to insert " Sir

" Thomas Eger ton, Baronet."

16. 29. After- " Thomas to insert

" John Lovat, Clerk."

80. 31. After " Stafford," to insert " or to

" take, or divert any Water from " the Brook or Stream that now flows to the said Salt Works or " Brine Pits."

83. 31. After " aforesaid," to insert, " ex-

*« cept what shall be pecelfiirilyufed " during the Time the said Cut, or " Canal is making, or foafl at any " Time be repairing."

" Pr,

WiUen ferry on the Trent to

Mersey Rive* Canal.

CounteAhorpe

Inclosure.

Blaby

Inclosure.

Hexron

Liciolure.

Walsworth

Inclosure*

Whitby

Piers.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertioiu

Glove

Manufacture.

Lauder

Road.

Haverhill

to

Red Cross Road.

Charle(Ton*s

Nat.

748 2i° Aprilis. 1766.

Pr. 107. I. 26. After "like," tQ insert "Provisions." 28. After " authorized," to insert " made " or directed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: and the Rill was amr. tied at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill do pals; The I -on I Strange, by II is Majesty’s Command, acqininicd the House, that His Majesty having been inforuie I of 'me Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con feat, a- far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the I loaf may do therein as they tliall think fit.

lit/dived, I hut the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near IFerry, in the County of Derby, to the Jiiver Merfat or near Runcorne Gap.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dolirc their Concurrence.

A Mefiuge from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Countejthorpe, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pad tires, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blaby, in the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of llexlon, hi the County of Hertford, except a Common Failure, called the Cow Common, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of in the Parish

of Ililchen, in the County of Hertford, without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duty of One Farthing per Cladder on Coals', granted by an Act of the Firli Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act toamend and render more elTeftual, in His Majesty’sDominions in America, an Act, passed in this present, Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters,'without any Amendment: Andalfoj The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Milts, in this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through KelJ'o, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill, to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Laurence Charleffo to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing Peter Facon, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this lloule.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew".

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Centlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his hate Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto; and the other passed in ti.e Fillh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Part of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment, and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Prefijrvatk n of the said Roads; that they do make Proiilion in the said Bill, to oblige Mortgagees, in Possession of Toll Gates or Bars on Turnpike Roads, to account.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do illiie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elc-sting of a Knight of the Shire to sene in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of Richard Lifer, Esquire, defeated.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Kesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace, into Westmivfier Hall, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

liefulvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of £. 1,500,000 be raised in Manner following; that is to say, the Sum of£.900,000 by Annuities, alter lhe Rate of £.3 per Centum, to commence from the 5f.l1 Day

of Januarylatl; and the Sum of £.600,000 by a Lottery, to confitl of 60,000Tickets, every Blank to be of the Value of £.6, the Blanks and Prizes to be attended with the like 3 per Cent. Annuities, to commence from the 5th Day of January 1767; and that all the said Annuities be transferable at the Bank of England, be paid Half yearly, on the 5th Day of July, and the 5th Day of January, in every Year, out of the Sinking Fund, and be added to, and made Part of the joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent.Annuities, which were consolidated at the Bank

of England, by certain Acts, made in the 25th and 28th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and several subsequent1 Acts, subject to Redemption by Parliament: That every Contributor towards the said Sum of £.900,000, after his making the Deposit herein after-mentioned, shall, in respect of every £.60 of his Contribution to such Sum, be entitled to receive Four Tickets in the said Lottery, upon Payment of £. 10 for each Ticket.; and that every Contributor towards the said Sum of £.900,000 shall, on or before the 8th Day of May next; make a Deposit, with the Calibers of the

Bank of England, of £115 per Centum, in part, of the Monies so to be contributed, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Calibers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say.

On the £.900,000,

£. 10 per Cent, on or before the 8 th Day of June next;

£.10

Facon*

Nut.

General

nf

Act.

Salop

Writ.

Wav*

ad

Means.

6 Geo. III. Jpritis.

?4 9

£.to per Cent, on or before the 15th Day of July next; £. 15 per Cent, on or before the 15th Day of August next; £. 15 per Cent, on or before the x 5thDay of September next; £.1 5 per Cent, on or before the 15th Day of next;

£.20 perCent.on or before the 15th Day of November next:

And the Monies to be contributed, in respect of the said Lottery, shall be paid to the said Cashiers on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say.

On the Lottery:

25 per Cent, on or before the 20th Day of June next; 35 Per Cent, on or before the 15th Day of July next; 40 per Cent, on or before the 15 th Day of September next:

And that all the Monies, received by the said Cashiers, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted, by this House, in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the whole of his Contribution, on account of his Share in the Annuities attending the said Sum of £. 900,000, at any Time on or before the 13th Day of October next, or on account of his Share in the said Lottery, on or before the 14th Day of July next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum person the Sum so

completing hisContribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 15th Day of November next, in regard of the Sum paid on account of the first-mentioned Annuities, and to the j 51 h Day of September next, in respect of the Sum paid on amount of the said Lottery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Rates and Duties, now payable upon Houses, in Great Britain, do cease and determine fropx and after the 10th Day of October 1766.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said iot h Day of 1766,

there shall be paid for and upon every Dwelling House inhabited, which now is or hereafter shall be erected within that Part of Great Britain called , the

yearly Sum of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid, for and upon every Dwelling House, inhabited, which now is or hereafter shall be erected, within that Part of Great Britain called , the

yearly Sum of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Rates and Duties, now payable for Windows or Lights, in Great , do ccafe and

determine from and after the said 10th Day of 176C.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seven Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of Two Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Eight Win-flows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of Sixpence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tluft from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Nine Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of Eight Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 1 oth Day of October 1766, there 11 tall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall containTen Windows, Vox.. 30.

or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of Teh Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Eleven Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling for each Window, or Light; in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of 1766,

there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twelve Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Two Pence, for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said iotli Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Thirteen Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly' Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence, for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said ioth Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, or 19, Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence, for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twenty Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Seven Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 17 there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twrenty-one Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Eight Pence, for each Window, or Light, in l'uch Housej

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 17 66, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twenty-two Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Nine Pence, for each Wind.ow, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twenty-three Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Ten Pence for each Window', or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twenty-four Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of One Shilling and Eleven Pence, for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from and after the said 10th Day of October 1766, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every such Dwelling House, which shall contain Twenty-five Windows, or Lights, or upwards, the yearly Sum of Two Shillings, for each Window, or Light, in such House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That out of the said Rates and Duties, there be set apart and applied to the General or Aggregate Fund, the yearly Sum of Ninety-one thousand Four hundred and

9 E Eighty-

Way i and Mcufc

Ways and Means.

American

Colonies.

750

ni° Ap.

A. 17 66.

Eighty-five Pounds and Sixpence Three Farthings, in lieu of the like Sum, which, by an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was directed to be set apart and applied to the said Fund, out of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, thereby granted.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be also set apart out of the said Hates and Duties, the yearly Sum of Ninety-three thousand Two hundred and Seventeen Pounds Ten Shillings and One-Penny and One Sixth Part of a Penny, which appears to have been the annual Produce, upon a Medium of Six Years lad pad, of certain Rates and Duties upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, granted by an Act made in the 3 rd Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign; and that such yearly Sum be applied towards Payment of the Annuities, established by the said Act.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Residue of the Produce of the said Rates and Duties be carried to the Sinking Fund, in lieu of such Part of the said Duties so to cease and determine, as were applicable to such Fund; and also for making good to the fame, the Payments to be made thereout, of the Annuities attending the said Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied, the Sum of Two Mil-lons One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen, and shall or may arise, of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T ., c x- f Lord 7

1 ellers for the 1 eas, { \kc I114.

1 [ Mr. Seymour: 3

-r 11 c a x- V Lord John 7

1 ellers for the Noes, j Mr } *79-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Four next Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severalfy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

'Fellers for the Yeas,

'Fellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally re;--( a Second Time, were, upon the QueF tion fe\ erall v put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of (he Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which wrere presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last,-

1 Sir Edward Bayntun,

| Mr. Rice:

[Sir Roger N

[Mr. Wkateley:

} i69-} 85-

and the 5 th, 1 oth, 17th, and 21 ft Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 1 oth, 19th, and 21st Daysof February last, by His Majesty^ Command;

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of London, was presented to (he House, and read; Set-

ting forth, That the Trade to Africa, and the West Indies, is One of the moll considerable Branches of Commerce, carried on from this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, nothing could be more conducive to the farther Improvement of this advantageous Trade, and to the Support of an extensive Branch of Manufacture, which is at this Time in Danger of declining, from the want of Raw' Materials at a moderate Price, than the Opening of One or more Free Ports in British America, at such Place or Places, and under such Regulations, as may seem moll expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Unstamped Paper, Veilum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrolfings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon Unstamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more etfeetual, the several Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being pall Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. James Brado, upon Thurs-

day Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22ft, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the c)th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mi’. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and2 ift Days o last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Mr. John Warren do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Dyer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hawes do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Herman Meyer do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered,

America; Indemnity for Unstamped P-per.

Militia Pay

and

Clothing.

American

Colonies.

Committee*.

Pattringto

iodolure.

High Price of

Provision.

Harbury

Inclosure.

O^och’s

EUae.

6 Geo. III. 210 — 22751

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard Hagen do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Sir George have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 2° die

Anno 6° Georgii III'" Regis, 1766. Prayeus.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lunds, and Grounds, in the Parish of Paltrington, in Holdernef, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Paltrington, in Holderness, in the Fall Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcellesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of whose

Napies are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly afleC/ed by the grievous Diltrell’es under which the lower Order of People labour, through the exorbitant Price of Provisions of every Kind, particularly Butchers Meat, arising principally, as the Petitioners apprehend, from the iniquitous Practices of Jobbers, Forestallers, and Engrcilers, whereby several considerable Profits are unnecell’urily and oppressively made, to the great Grievance of the Petitioners, and more especially of the poorer Sort of the Inhabitants, necessary lor carrying on the Silk Manufactory there: And therefore praying, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, is referred.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, and Commonable Imids, within the Parish of Harbury, in the County of was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. IIarbord, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Darker, Sir John Griffin, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Vanji(tart, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. For-

rester, Mr. Ifavcti, Mr. Bagot, Mr. De Grey, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr. Fon-

nereau, Mr. Alderman HaMr. Lord

Cary fort, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr

Mr. White, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Leicester, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet thin Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, and his Sons, Thomas Vox.. 30.

Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sons during their Mi* nority, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a Church Yard, and to exchange some Lands there, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Sir William Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Robinson, Sir John

Mr. Martin, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Luther, Mr. Darker,

Mr. Drake, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Brook Brydges, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Tuffncll, Mr. Whichcot, Sir George Savile,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. White, Mr. Alderman Harley,

Mr. Onfmo, Lord Tavistock, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Nr. Shiffher, Mr. Wedderbum, Mr. Ilewett, Mr. Vane,

Mr. Funnereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Suffolk, Essex, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and.

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Bar — net by upon the Woulds, in the County of Lincoln, was. committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Con feu t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, "be ingrossed.

Mr. Luther presented to the House, according to Chehner Order, a Bill for making the River Chehner navigable, w Rlvcr from the Port of Maldon, to the Town of Chelmsford, in aT,*t,on» the County of Essex: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Harbord reported from the Committee, to whom Rochdal* the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Halifax Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-deventh Years of" Road, his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the county of ,

was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true \ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and them a Second lime, One by One; and, upon the Q.ue/lion severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Griffin Griffin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road to from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Andover

sley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough oad‘

of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun, in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks, was committed. That

the

Bar*

Turt

753 2 2° Ap. A, 17 66.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Rejiort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severalty put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Dean and Ordered, That Sir Brook do make the Report

Chapter from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from , the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and ^Estate? Chapter of Canterbury to grant Leases of their Estate, in the Parish of Saint (Slave, was committed.

Sir Brook Brydges accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Brook Brydges do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

1 nee’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act titan*., for veiling an undivided Moiety of certain Messuages, I~ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and Essex, and in the City of London, late the Estate of Esquire, deceased, and Mary, late the Wife, and now the Widow, of the said Piggott Jnce, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance of certain Agreements, and for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, therein expressed, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Shrtwlbury An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening, alter-itridge. ing and enlarging, the Stone Bridge, leading into the Town of Shrewsbury, and for rendering the Passages leading thereto, more commodious, and for removing Obstructions to the Passage for Water under the said Bridge, and for erecting a Temporary Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pnfs: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Skreicsbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bi' kar Lord Brotvnloze Bertie reported from the Committee, Inclosure. f0 ^hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open-and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of who are Im-

propriators of the Great Tythes arising w ithin the said Parish, and are entitled to One Commonable House, and Forty-six Acres of Glebe Land, and their Lessee; and also except several Persons, whose interests in the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, inclosed, and

drained, consist of Twelve Commonable Houses, or Toffsteads, and Ninety-eight Acres and Three Roods of Land; and that the interests of the Persons, who have contented to the Bill, consist of Eighty-nine Commonable Houses, and Six hundred Ninety-three Acres Three Roods and Twenty Perches of Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill, except Mr. Heaton, Agent to the said Dean and Chapter, who proposed, on the Part of the said Dean and Chapter, that the Lands of the Value of Two hundred and Forty Pounds per Annum, to be let out for the said Dean and Chapter as Impropriators and the Vicar, should be set out to them in such Proportions as the Commissioners, or any Two of them, should direct and appoint, and not in speeific Proportions, as directed by the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: V here - ti e Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Commissioners to set out an Allotment to the Lord Paramount.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bagot reported from the Committee, to w hom the Wedndburr, Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of laston Lane, next the Port way, and from thence through Bilston, to the farther End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of several of the Trustees, at a Public Meeting held at Birmingham, the Sixth Day of March 1766, for putting in execution an Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham', through the Town of Wednesbury, to High Bullen and Great Bridge, to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilflon, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to and to the further End of Brittle I.ane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worccsler, to them referred; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Bowes whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Inclosure. Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of

Lands,

0

6 Geo. III. /i%° dprilis.

Lands, the annual Value of wh ich amount to/. 6. ioy. 7 and except the Proprietors of 11 Pasture Gates, and also the Proprietors of One Turbary Right, who refused to content to the Bill; and that the whole annual Value of the Estates of the Persons, who have Right of Common, is £.1786. x2 f. 6d.;and that the whole Number of

Pasture Gates amounts to 742, and Number of Turbary Right to 26; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; ami he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest wore agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Neweaflle An ingrossed Bill to regulate the Loading of Ships Coal Trade, with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 9. To leave out " Ten," and insert " Six-‘ " teen" instead thereof.

1. 29. To leave out " used in the Loading," and insert " and the Coals on board them sent off to load" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St- Andrew*, A Bill for the better regulating and employing the StreetT'&c* ^>oor» ar,d for cleansing, lighting, and watching the ’ Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the

Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and so much of the Parish of Saint Andrews, Ilollwum, in the County of

dlesex, as is above the Bars, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wliit-worth, Klr. Hewelt, Lord SSir George Mr. Lascelles, \lr.Rice, Mr. Luttvell, Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Lord - Carysj'ort, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sir

Tit Smith, Lord Burgherpi, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gajcoyne, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Moles-

worth, Mr. Fitzherbert, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Blackstone, Mr. Upton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Cooke, Lord Ilmec, Lord Grey, Mr. Shiffher, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. White, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Unglcy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and Middlesex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Preservation Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Or-°£ der, a Bill for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, Trees" &e ai,d W°°ds, U ndenvoods. Roots, Shrubs, and Plants: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pay and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Clothing, upon the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and Vol. 30.

rendering more effectual, the several Laws relating to the railing and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, lb far as the same relate to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by. such Counties as have not raised the Militia; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Hpufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

The House was moved, That the Proceedings of the Gee*

House, of the 14th Day of Februanj 1764, in relation to Wafraws; the Question proposed. That a General Warrant for apprehending and seizing the Authors, Printers, and Pn!j_ liflrers, of a Seditious Libel, together with their Papers, is not warranted by Law; and also in relation to the Discharge of the Complaint against Robert Wtood, Esquire,

Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, Members of this House,

John Money, Robert Blackmore, and James Watfun, for a.

Breach of Privilege of this House, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that (he Proceedings of the House, of the 17 th Day of the said Month, when the House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Question, That a General Warrant for apprehending and seizing the Authors, Printers, and Publishers, of at Seditious Libel, together with their Papers, is not warranted by Law, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Proceedings of the House, of the 29th Day of January 1765, in relat ion to the Question proposed, That a General Warrant fop apprehending the Authors, Printers, or Publishers, of a Libel, together with their Papers, is not warranted by

Law, and is an high Violation of the Liberty of the Subject, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

V A Motion was made, and the Question being1 proposed, That a General Warrant to apprehend the Author, Printer, or Publisher, of a Libel, is illegal; and, if executed on the Person of a Member of this House, is also a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{ . \ -73-

Tellers for the Noes, } 7 -

So it was resolved in the Aftirtnative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That a General Warrant for apprehend irtej (he Author, Printer, or Publisher, of a Libel, is illegal > and, if executed on the Person of a Member of this House, is also a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That General Warrants, not expressing the Offeitce, and naming, or describing the Offender, are in all Cases il legal, unless authorized by Act of Parliament; and such Warrant, if executed upon a Member of this House, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the I louse, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the seizing or taking away the Papers, of the Author, Printer, or Pubfrflier, of a Libel, or the supposed Author, Printer, or Publisher, of a Libel, ip

9 F illegal;

£oog

Earl

Breadalbane’s

Exchange.

Clergymen’*

Orphan*

Charity

Estate,

Passages to the Bank of England.

Puke of pevonshire’* Qualification Bill.

754 a2° — 23

illegal; and that such seizing or taking away the Papers of a Member of this House, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the seizing or taking away the Papers, of the Author, Printer, or Publisher, of a Libel, or the supposed Author, Printer, or Publisher, of a Libel, is illegal; and that such seizing or taking away the Papers of a Member of this House, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to lit, till Half an Hour pall Two of the Clock on WtMorning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to establish a Proposal made by William Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming the fame, and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 30 die ",

Anno 6* Georgii III'" Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor and Com-I\. pany of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous and near to the Bank, and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous and near to the Bank, and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the most noble William Duke of De-vonfiire to take, in England, the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the Enjoyment of the said Office, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to«be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Aprilis. . 17 66.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Trustees for putting the Act in execution, to add " John Bingham, Bull of Winbome,

Hill of Chalbury, John Boel King, Philip

Bidout, Henry Austen, Morgan Baljton, William Barfoot, Samuel Bowden, William Bud Alexander Campbell,

Samuel Clark, Joseph Collins, Thomas , David Durell, senior, John Harding, John Hart, George Harvey, John Harvey, Christopher senior, Christopher

Jolliffejnnxor, Christopher Jolliffe, James Jolliffe, Thomas Jubber, William Milner, Moses Neave, John Pike, John Pujhman, John Skinner, Thomas Strong, John Tory, Bichard Tory, Samuel Walker, Bichard junior,

James White."

Pr. 4. 1. 4. To leave out from " Roads," to "who" in 1. 6.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of Wareham, and in Pur-beck, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddeftre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Boger Newdigate be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Batcliff'e Culey, in the County of Leicester, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry to the Lords, the ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to extend an Act made in the 4th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law, upon some Points, relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muir-bum in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in

the

Wareham

Roads.

Ritcliffe

Culey

Inciosure.

Shrew fbury Bridge.

Preventing

Robbery.

Fish and Rabbit Stealing.

6 Geo. III. 230 A755

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish, in Fish Ponds and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein, so far as it relates to the taking and destroying of Fish in Rivers, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the destroying of Rabbits, on certain Banks in Li ncolnshire.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Regulating Mr. Ward presented to the House, according to Order,

Apprentices, a Bill for better regulating Apprentices and articled *c‘ Journeymen, employed in the several Trades and Manufactures within this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Militia Pay Mr. Coofter, according to Order, reported from the and Clothing. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the several Laws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, that the Two last of the Sopply. Resolutions, which, upon the 10th Day of this Instant April, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

"Resolved, That One Third Part of the remaining " Capital Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of " certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and " Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled,

" pursuant to an Act of the Third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, be redeemed, and paid off, on the 25th " Day of December next, after discharging the Interest " then payable in respect of the fame."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy thousand Eight hundred Eightyeight Pounds Five Shillings and Five Pence Half " Penny, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His '

" Majesty to redeem, and pay off. One Third Part of " the Capital Stock of the said Annuities."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. P Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Townshend, junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Clergymen to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Orphans upon the Bill to establish a Proposal made by William Constable, Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming the fame, and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wendover

to

Buckingham

Road.

Berkley

Square.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Pechell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Ye.ar of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads in the County of Bucks, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Wendover, and the Town of Buckingham, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 30.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

When received.

12th March Copy of a Letter from Governor 1766. Tryon, to Mr. Secretary Conway. North

Carolina, December 26th, 1765. Inclosing,

1. Copy of Mr. Houljton's Resigna-tion as Distributor of Stamps in North Carolina.

2. Extract of a Letter from a Gentleman in Charles Town, dated 13th December 1765.

3. 4. Two printed Copies, N* 58. and 59.

Ditto. Extract of a Letter from Governor

Grant,

Paper*

respecting

American

Colonies.

C?

Papers

respecting

American

Colonies.

Supply Bill j Duties on Houses, Icq.

Ways and Means.

jij6-

When Received,.

Grant, to Mr. Secretary Conway. Saint Ait gup ne, 26 th January 1766.

Ditto. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant

Governor Bull, to Mr. Secretary Con-way. Charles Town, 6th February 1766. 14th March. Extract of a Letter from Major

General Gage, to Mr. Secretary Conway. New York, 16th January 1766. Ditto, Copy of a Letter, Sir Henry Moor to

Mr. Secretary Conway. Nezo York, 16th January 1766. Inclosing,

M inutes of Council at Nezo York, 1 oth, 11 th, and 14th January 1766.

17th March. Copy of a Letter from Governor Bernard, to Mr. Secretary Comcay. Bofion, 21 ft January 1766. Inclosing,

Printed Extract of the Votes, Kc. 17 th January 1766.

Ditto. Extract of a Letter from Ditto, to

Ditto, January 23d, 1766. Inclosing, New York Gazette, N* 1,201. ' ‘

Ditto. Extract of a Letter from Ditto, to

Ditto, January25th, 1766. Incloling,

1. The Governor’s Speech.

2. Message from the House -of Representatives to the Governor, in Anfvrer to his Speech.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Johnjton, Distributor of Stamps for Rhode Island, to the Commissioners of the Stamps, 3 December 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. C. Lloyd, December 12, 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Distributor of Stamps for Rhode Island, to the Commissioners of the Stamps, 25 December 1765.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Distributor of Stamps for Connecticut, to D°, 4 Jan. 1766.

Copy of a Letter from D* to D°, 10 Jan. 1766.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Wentworth, Portsmouth, Nezo Hampshire, 10 January 1766.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Hughes, Distributor for Pensylvania, to the Secretary of the Stamp Office, 13 January 1766.

Copy of a Letter supposed to come from Mr. M'Evars, Distributor for New York, to D°, 16 January 1766.

Copy of a Letter from C. Lloyd, to the Lords of the Treasury, dated Charles Town’, South Carolina, January 27, 1766.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Patcrfon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights: And the same \vas received; and read the First Time.

ReJoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and-Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

*5

A. 17

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, ami Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themfel vcs, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; and also the Petition of several Mailer Silk Weavers, in and near the City of London; were severally referred;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks imported into England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing from what Countries, with the Amount of the Duties paid, thereupon: And also.

The Account of the Quantities of Foreign Wrouglit Silks exported from England, from Christmas 1758 to Christmas 1763; distinguishing to what Countries, with the Amount of the Drawback thereupon, which were presented to the House, upon the 28th Day of January 1765, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Comr mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Breaxlalbanin Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. O/wald took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ofzcald reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through tl*e Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 24.0 die;

Anno 6* Georgii III*U Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Paliures, Common Grounds, Heaths,

and

Silk

’Manu.aiture,

Earl

BreadaltTaae

Exchange.

RytoT

Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 24* Aprilis. 757

and Waste Lands or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Town- Mr. Speaker, t

ffiip of Byton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bui- The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An

king ton, in the County of Warwick, was committed; Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Third

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for maintaining,

the Bill,'and found the same to be true; and that the regulating, and employing the Poor within the ParilH

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the J'e.r, without any Amendment: And also, Burton*

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made The Ix>rds have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Narae.

several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- enable Richard Burton, Esquire, and his Issue, to bear

reeled him to report to the House; and be read the and use the Surname and Anns of Phillipjbn, pursuant.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, to the Will of John Phillipjbn, Esquire, deceased; to with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where which the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this Ho.ule:

the. Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry to the Lords,

oa n c* the ingrojfe(] J3iii to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of and,

and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

nclosure* Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open n r ' I^ands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in Laughterlon, in the Parish of Kettlethorp, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Milles, Mr. Shifner, Sir JoJ'eph Mawbey, Mr. Mr. Pen-

ton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Whiehcot, Mr. PaterJ'on, Lord Grey, Mr: Montagu, Mr.i)e Grey,'Sir.For, nereau, Mr. Clive, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Delaval, Mr.

Lmcndes, S\r John llyndeCotton, Sir Sir Charles Kemys Tyntc, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Sir

Thomas Stapleton, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Mr.

Bootle, Mr. Drake, Sir Armine Mr. Craven,

Mr. Clayton, Sir. Cooke, S\r William Beauchamp Proctor,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. FitzhcMr. Methuen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Northampton, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

H,gh&"dges’ The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to Br^ri, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Ut-toxeter, and from Spath, to Hanging Bridge, and from Tew nail's Lane, to Yoccall Bridge, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of several of the Truliees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from

hill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said several Acts, so for as relate to the Road, from the City of through

Teienail's Lane, to High Bridges, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plage; and aft ter'yards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quefrion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Rill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Cud don:

- VOL. 30.

And also,

The Lords have patted a. Bill, intituled, An Act for I^arl of veiling certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tene- Pot^n^outh’* ments, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sojnerfet ftaier.

and Deton, devised by the Will of John late Earl of Portjinouth, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses> limited by the said Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke <rf veiling Part of a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, Grafton'* intailed by the Will of the most noble Charles late Duke of Grafttm, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing another Messuage, or Lands, tobe-settled to the like Cfes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcftengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows/ and Common Fen, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen* was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following whs proposed to be made to the BUI; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 14. To leave out from the" to " without" in I. 16. and iniert " fame" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refotced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and.

Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining an.d improving the same.

Ordered, That Lord Brotonlow Bertie do carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

APetition of PeersNewfam, Clerk, and Thomas , Harbtfty

Clerk, in behalf of themselves and Clement Inclosure.

Esquire, Impropriator of OneMoietyof the Great Tythes, arising, renewing, increasing, or happening, within the Parish of Harbury, in the County of Warwick, was pre-r fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Harburi), in the County of Warwick; and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill shouki pass into a Law, as it now Hands, the Property of the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as afteft the Petitioners Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill f<?f dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture G rounds and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of,

9 G in f

Preservation

of

Timber Tree*,

&C.

Earl

Breadalhane’i

Exchange*

Duke of Gral ton’s Estate.

Earl of Porcimeuth’s EAater*

Burton9!

Name.

Silk

Maaufatture.

758 240 Aprilis.A. 17

in the County of Warwick, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sir

Gibbons, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir John Palmer, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prefcot, Lord Grey, Mr. ShMr. Lord

Doivne, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Bdrrington, Mr. Gxcynne, Mr. Barrow, Sir Edmund Isham, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Darker, Mr. Mr.

Archer, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Sandys, Lord Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Huj Lord General

A'Court: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, A Aidants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, London, on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain and also the Petition

of several Master Silk Weavers, in and near the City of London-, were severally referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

IteJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Encouragement of the British Silk Manufacture, the Importation of all Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain and the British Dominions, be prohibited, for a limited Time, except such Wrought Silks and Velvets as shall be manufactured in and imported from the East Indies.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, W’as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr Cooke, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Prefcot, and Mr. Cuf, do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

Mr. Oficald, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of bane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a 'Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, intailed by the Will of the most noble Charles late Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of So-merfet and Devon, devised by the Will of John late Earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, I-ands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited by the said Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable RicharcLBurton, Esquire, and his Issue, to bear

and use the Surname and Arms of PhiUipfon, pursuant to the Will of John PhiUipfon, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Beauchamp ProClor, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, . which was made from the Committee, to whom the

A Bill for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Supply Bills Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, 00 was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Biff.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Cultivation, Cultivation and for the better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, of and Shrubs, wras read the Third Time. Trees, ice,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Wright, of White Fryars, Lon- Escifej don, Distiller, whose Name is thereunto subscribed, was Duty* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner now, and for Four Years pad, has car- *>ints' ried on the Trade of a Distiller and Rectifier of Spirits for Exportation; and that, by an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, it is provided, that, if any Distiller for Exportation, after he has deposited any Spirits, made for Exportation, in the Warehousos for the keeping his Spirits, shall be defrrous of using any such Spirit^ for Home Consumption, and shall signify such Desire to the Commissioners of Excise, it shall be lawful for them to direct the Spirits, so desired, to be taken out of such Warehouse, and delivered to such Distiller, on his Payment of the Duty; and that* notwithstanding the Petitioner hath, several Times, applied to the Commissioners of Excise for Liberty to take out a Quantity of such Spirits, they have objected to his said Request, under Pretence that Melasses Spirits were not included in such Provision, and that the Revenue would suffer thereby, although such Pretence was entirely without Foundation, and which the Petitioner explained to them, and which several of them, as also their Officers who were referred to, were then convinced of; and the Commissioners then informed the Petitioner that they w ould take the Attorney General’s Opinion on such Provision, and that the Petitioner

6 (Jeo. III. 240 Aprilis. ' 759

tioner should then have an Answer; in consequence of; which, the Petitioner made frequent Application to the

Sptiits. Solicitor for the Excise, for the Result of such Opinion, but he could never obtain Satisfaction whether the same was had, although he had great Reason to believe that it was very soon obtained, and was in his Favour; upon which he frequently renewed such Application to the Commissioners, but could never obtain any Answer, and thereupon took the Opinion of Two very eminent Counsel himself on such Point, who were both clearly of Opinion, that the said Provision extended to Melasses as well as Malt Spirits, and that he was entitled to such Benefit; upon which an Application was made, on his Behalf, to the present Chancellor of the Exchequer, that the Commissioners might be called upon for their Reason for such Refusal, which was done accordingly; and they, the Commissioners, in conference thereof, sent the Petitioner word, by their principal Officer, that he might renew his Application to the Commissioners; but they having, for fio long Time, refused to comply therewith, by which, to his great Detriment, he had loft the Sale of such Spirits, and having then no Occasion for them in the said Way, he gave the said Officer such Answer; but in some little lime afterwards, having a further Call, he again applied to the Commissioners, when he was directed to bring Proof that the said Spirits had been secured, from their first Distillation, according to Law, in an Exportation Ware-house; upon which he, having then very lately, by the Commissioners Di rest ions, and at the Expence of Two hundred Pounds, erected Warehouses under the foie Eye and Directions of such principal Officer, and in which the said Spirits were then secured, called upon the said Officer to make his Report thereof, who then, in the Petit ioner’s Presence, adored the Commissioners, that such Warehouses were the belt and most secure of any in Town, and that the Surveyor and Officer had each of them their Locks thereon; but that the Commissioners, as a further Pretence for not-complying with such Request, then asked, if the Petitioner had his own Lock, which the Law had provided merely for the Trader’s own Security, thereon, to which the said Officer answered, that as the Petitioner had a Lock upon his Distilling House, wherein were the said Warehouses, that he had thought that sufficient for his own Security, and therefore had not put such his own Lock on the said Warehouses; upo.n which they refused to grant his said Request; and One of them further told him, in a very rough Way, that he had incurred a Penalty of Five hundred Pounds on such Account, and the next Day sent him Notice to put on such Lock, which he accordingly did; and that, a few Days ago, he having made another Quantity of such Spirits, in every Re-spedt according to Law, under the Infoe&ion of the several Excise Officers who survey his House, and secured such Spirits in such Warehouses, under the Three Locks, as literally directed by the Act, and having Occasion for a Ton of such Spirits, he again applied for the fame, but such Request was notwithstanding, in like Manner as before, refused; and on asking them the Reason for such Refusal, they denied giving him any; and that inasmuch as, by the ordinary Course of Law, he is without Remedy to recover an adequate Satisfaction for the great Injury he has sustained from such repeated A<?ls of Oppression, and which, he is appre-hensive, will be continued, and which will be a Means of entirely putting a Stop to his Trade, he has been advised to lay such his Hardships before the House; whom be therefore entreats to grant him such Relief as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ways Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit-aml Mean*, tee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to1 coa-

Yol. 30.

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of so much of an A&, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous " Liquors for Home Consumption, by laying add!*

" tional Duties upon Spirits made in " imported into the fame; and for better regulating " and encouraging the Exportation of British made " Spirits, and for securing the Payment of the Duties " upon Spirituous Liquors," as relates to the taking out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, Spir its originally intended for Exportation.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House AmerioM to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Colonic*, to consider further of the: several Papers, which-were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, zid, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d,

10th, iqth, and 2 ill Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command;

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are unable-to contend with the French, in supplying Foreign Markets with refined Sugar, by reason of the High Prices of British Muscovado Sugars, in proportion to the Prices of French; and that the High Duties hn-posed on all Foreign Sugars, except Danish, imported into Great Britain, amount to a Prohibition; and that

the Petitioners are of Opinion, that, if the High Duties on Foreign Muscovado Sugars were reduced, it would tend to enable them to export Br Refined Sugars; And therefore praying, That the High Duties now payable on Foreign Muscovado Sugars, imported into Great Britain, may be. so reduced, as to enable Great Britain to share with France, in supplying Foreign Markets with refined Sugars.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Dealers, and Con-fumers of Sugars, in the City of Bristol, was also pre-fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Price of Muscovado Sugars is of late Years greatly increased, beyond the Price they usually bore in Time of Peace, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and Loss of the Nation, in the Export of Refined Sugars: And therefore praying, That the Manufacture and Consumption of Foreign Muscovado Sugars, imported into this Kingdom from America, in British built Ships.navigated according to Law, may be allowed it»

Great Britain, under such Duties and Regulations, as to the House shall appear sufficient to prevent Frauds, and leave the British Planter in Possession of every reasonable Preference at the Home Market.'

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the find Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fidlet took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witness^s, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to tkiem referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they-may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wild. Tomorrow "Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whale House, to consider further of the several "Papers, which were presented to the House, by MLr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, ioth, 17th, and 1 ft Days

760

of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March ktft, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and, 2ifi Days of February Ialt, by Mis Majesty’s Command.

- The other Order of the Day being read;

Clergymen’s Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Orphans the whole House, to whom the Bill to establish a Pro-EftauT P°&1 made by William , Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows-and Children of Clergymen, and for confirming the fiune, and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

X

Veneris, 25® die Apr Ms \

Anno 6* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1766.

PkaYers.

17

A Bill for repairing, widening, and- altering feverab Dartfc*4 Roads leading to the Town of Hartford, in the R^wls. Coupty of Kent, was read ai Second d ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charier Famaby, AI r. Gilbert, Si r Armine IVodehotife, M r. cot, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Coventry^ Mr. TownJhendv Sir Francis Vincent, Sir Robert LadbMr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Buller, Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, General:

A'Court, Lord Carytforf, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr,

Blackjhne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, M r. Ridley, Sir George

SavUe, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr.

craft, Sir Joseph Maicbcy, Mr. JenkinJ'on; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sussex; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Barnttby Open ami Cnmmon Fields, Common Meadows, Com- inclosure. rnons, and Waste Grounds, within the I.ordship of Liberty of Barnetby upon the Woidds, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Malle Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Barnetby upon the Woidds, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

24° — 2 50 Aprilis.

Little

FJlingham

inclosure.

Earl

Fowls'

Mate.

ABILL for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little EUingham, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. De Grey, Mr. Harbord, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Francis Vi if cent, Sir Charles Famaby, Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Webb, General A'Court, Mr. Grey, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coveidry, Mr. Buller, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Savile, Sir Joseph

Maicbcy, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Forrefer, Mr. Sir

Francis Delaval, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Slii/fner, Mr. Herbert, Lord Grey, Mr.

Bagot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Mansion House of the Earl and Countess of Powis, in Albemarle Street, now settled on them and their Issue, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to lay out the Aloriey arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like tTfes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gioynne, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Ridley, Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Cocentry, Air. litfncU, Mr. Milles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Buller, Mr. Tomlinson, Mr. ffebb, Mr. Drake, Mr. Grey, Mr. Byde, Sir George Savik, Mr. Thrak, Mr. Alderman Harky, Mr. Chet-tcynd, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Whichcot, Air.

Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Shifiher, Sir William Beauchamp P'roftor, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Grey,

‘Ml-. Bagot, Mr. Ward, Sir HeSir Maiobey, Mr. Hufiey, Mr. Wedderburn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Hertford, and Chester; and for the ‘ Prihcipality of Wales: And they are to meet this Af-‘ tefnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. De Grey reported from the Committee, to wliora the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kimberly, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Three Persons, whose Interest in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed, is £. 63 per Annum; and that the Interest in the said Lands and Grounds of all the Proprietors, is near £. 1600 per Annum; and that no Person. appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the'Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a- certain Common Parcel of Waste Ground, or Aloor, situate in the Liberty of Darky, in the County of Derby, called Darky Common, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Shifiher, General A'Court, Mr. Parker, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Coventry, Sir George Savik, Mr. Frederick Mont agu, Mr. Ridley Sir Francis Vincent, Mr.

Alderman Harley, Kir, T01nlinfMr. AIr itz-

herbert, Mr. Drake, Mr. I!'ebb, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Cooke, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Pen-ton, Mr. Comptroller, Lord Frederick Air.

Fuller, Mr. Paidet, Mr. ToAir. Bertie, Lord Grey, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert Laelbroke, Ah*. Sandys; and all the Members who serve for the Comities of Derby,

-Nottingham,

CarltAK

and

Kimber

Inclosure.

Darlev

inclosure.

D ized by

Rochdale

to

Halifax

Road.

Southwark

Streets.

Thorpe Marsh laciosure.

Harleftone

Inclosure.

6 Geo. III. 55® dprilis. fj61

Nottingham, Ixiccster, York, and: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Bowers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A'-is, mask> in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Hull fax and Ealand, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Joseph Maivbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the High Street, Part of Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Newington, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also certain Courts, ’S ards, and other Places, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said. Streets; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they hail directed him to report to the Floufe, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Sir George Sadie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpt Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grum-blehirjl, within the Parish of Barmbyupon Dunn, in the County of York, was committed; That, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Owners of Eleven Common Right Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Toft Steads, who, having been applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owner of One Common Right, who could not be found; the Value of whose Lands respectively, within the Parishes of Barmby Dunn and unto

which Allotments are to be made, amount to £.284, or thereabouts; and that the whole Number of Common Right Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, and Toft Steads, amount, to Forty-two; and the whole Value of the Lands belonging to the Owners thereof, lying within the said Parillies of BannbyDunn and Kirk Sandall, amount to

£. 1,142. iox. or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then aSecond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harlcjbone, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That tire Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Vol. 30.

that the Patties Concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gc,e through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout', and then g Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Btouvnlow Bertie repbrted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Parishes ofScofhom and Sttdbrooke Holme, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Consent to the Bill, to tire Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Reverend Mr. Beimett, who is pof-lelfed of Sixty Acres of Land intended to be inclosed, and who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, on account of Objections being made to a Person he nominated as a Commissioner; and also except Five other Persons, who are possessed of Forty Acres and Three Houses, who could not be found; and that the whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed, consists of 2,800 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whotp m-

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Underline from the Floodgates upon the Mill Dam, in or near the *o»d. Town of Neiocajtle under Line, in the County of «S7 to the Turnpike Road leading from JVoor to near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he team the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then aSecond Time, One by One; and, upon the Que^ tion severally put thereupon, One of them was disagree<*r to, and the rest were agreed to by the Housej an^ an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill*

Ordered, That the further Confide ration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Harley, according to Order, reported ^orphan" from the Committee of the whole ITouCe, to whom the c|^rlly Bill to establish aProposal, made by William Conjtabut, £(ute. Elquira, to the Governors of the Charity for the Reno* of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen* and for confirming the fame, and effectually carrying the fan\e into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land* called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Biff, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’* Table: Where the

9 H Amend*

' d by

7 62

250 Apr.

A. 17 65.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One , and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

General Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to AaTy ^r^er» a Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the Laws relating thereto; and the other passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Part of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Account!; The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkyns, from Sugar. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugars imported into England, from Christ 1764 to 1765;

distinguishing the Places from whence they were imported: And all'o,

Au Account of the Quantity of Raw Sugar exported from England, from Chrij 1760 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing the Species, and the Quantity exported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Refined Su-

gars exported from England, from Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the F.xchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and .21 ft Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fish An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Rabbit in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Stealing. tjje more effectual Preservation of Fish, in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein, so far as it relates to the taking and destroying of Fish in Rivers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act; made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish, in Fish Ponds, and other Waters, and Conies in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein; and for preventing the pitting and watering Flax in running; Streams.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill . to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for better regulating Apprentices and articled Reg«l ng Journeymen, employed in the several Trades and Ma- PPr*1l, CC!'» nufadures within this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley,

Lord Coleraine, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Waller, Sir Joseph Maxobey, Mr. Drake, Sir John

Griffin, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Hurveu, Mr. Lujcelles, Mr.

Morton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Sir Francis Delaval, Sir James DaJ/ncood, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. /.or Lord Strange, Dr. Hay , Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr.

Shi filer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Dyson, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Fane, Sir John Gibbons, Lord

Mr. Gq/ioync, Nr. Coventry, Mr. Shaftoc, Mr. Pitt,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. lx>rd

Lome, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Whichcof, Lord Bertie, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Toxcujhend, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Burke, Lord Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Robert Ladbrohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Fitzherbert reported from the Committee, to W-ftminftrr whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in *>avini-execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the Cityand Liberty of Westminster, and for other Purposes in the said Acts

mentioned; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. George Box, Clerk to the said Commissioners, being examined, said, That it would tend to facilitate the Execution of the said Acts, if the same were consolidated, and the Powers thereof reduced into One Act of Parliament; and that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Acts.

Mr. Box was likewise examined, in regard to the second-mentioned Petition, who said. That the Money raised for the Purposes of the said Acts is nearly expended, and that it is necessary to have some further Fund than the Commissioners have at present, to carry on the Works with the greater Expedition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Commissioners, for putting in execution the several Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect further Tolls, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts: And that Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Plumptre, and Mr. Tufnell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and consolidate, the several Acts passed in the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares,

Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of

mitifter, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tufnell, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Joseph Maxobey reported from the Committee, Com Trad*, appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this

6 Gto. III.

2 5° dprilis. 763

this Kingdom, , and the several Laws relating thereto, That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and had directed him to make a Report of the Proceedings of the Committee to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Warrington, a considerable Farmer at

Morden, in the County of Surrey, said, That Persons who are called Jobbers conliantly attend the Com Market at London, and buy up great Quantities of

Oats, which they lay up in their Granaries in Order to bring to Market again.

That these Persons, by their Agents, buy great Quantities of Oats of the Farmers about HarvestTime, when the Farmers are in want of Money, which they lay up in Granaries in the Country, and bring to Town foaringly, as they think they are wanted, by which Practice they keep up the Price.

That when the Port of London has been opened, great Quantities of Oats have been brought from abroad, but being brought sparingly to Market, the Price has still been kept up; and the Witness said. He thought this Practice might be remedied, if the Port of London was to be opened for the Importation of Oats Four Times in the Year.

Then the Witness mentioned the Names of several Persons who had bought up Corn at the Market in London, and laid up in Granaries in the Manner he had mentioned.

And being desired to explain the Difference between Corn Factors and Corn Jobbers, he said. That by a Corn Jobber he meant aPerson who buys Corn in one Market and carries it to another Market within a little Time, or buys it in the Country before it comes to Market; and that by a Factor he meant a Gentleman

who kept a Stand at Market, And received Corn from Cota 'f itnifi* the different Counties, and fold it for the Owners by Commission, and did not deal in Corn upoti his own Account.

And being asked, Whether the Corn so sent up by the Farmers to their Fa6tors was not laid up by theiC Factors in Granaries ? he Laid, He believed they might lay it up in their Granaries when it was cheap, and fend it into the Market when it was dear; which Practice, in his Opinion, kept up the Price of Corn at the Market.

That he was of Opinion, if the Port of London wds to be opened Four Times in the Year, it would be of Advantage to the Farmers, as they would find a better Market for their Com than at present, and would tend to prevent the Practice of buying Corn upon Specu* lation; and the Farmer would then bring his Corn to Market, where it would be bought by the People who are the real Consumers, and not by the Jobbers.

That when the Time is near for opening the Ports, the Jobbers bring groat Quantities to Market in order to lower the Price; and that when the Time for opening the Ports has elapsed, the Witness has constantly db-served the Price-of Corn to rife; and that he thinks this Grievance would be remedied, if Power was given to open the Port of London Four Times in the Yean

Then Mr. John Jacob, a Lighterman, was examined, who said. That he was employed in carrying Corn to the London Market; and that the Factors have at this Time got great Quantities of Com by them, and that some of them have or 5000 Quarters of Foreign Oats in One Place.

Then your Committee proceeded to take into Consideration- the Returns of the Prices of Corn at the Markets, at Oxford, Cambridge, and Winchester, for several Years pall, which were referred to them by the House, and are hereunto annexed, N° 1, 2, and 3.

APPENDIX, N* I.

SIR,

I Have herewith transmitted to you the farthelt Accounts back of the Prices of Wheat and Malt I can at present. procure, and am sorry it is not in my Power to give further Information. If I should, after the moll diligent Search and Inquiry, be able to get at the old Books, you may depend upon my fending you the Prices of Wheat and Malt, as far back, if possible, as the Year 1660.

I am, Sir,

Your moll obedient Servant,

To T. Tyrxohitt, Esquire, S.

Clerk of the House of Commons, Westminster.

Saturday, March 24, 1732, the bed Price of s. d. a Bulliel of Wheat was - - 3 6{ Sept. 27, 1716, Wheat 4 t, 5 d. — t

of Malt - - 3 — Malt - - 3 m

Sept. 26, 1733, Wheat - - 3 — March 23, 1736, Wheat 4k - - 5 — J

Malt - - - 3 — Malt - X — - 3 D -1

March23, 1733, Wheat - - 3 8 Sept. 28, 1737, Wheat - ’ -

Malt - - - 3 — Malt - — 3 O

Sept. 28, 1734, Wheat - 4 10 March 22, 1737, Wheat - 5

Malt - - - 3 — Malt - — 3 0

Marck 22, 1734, Wheat r - 4 6 Sept. 27, 1738, Wheat m* 1 IO

Malt - - - 3 — Malt - - m+ 3 O

Sept. 27, 1735, Wheat - - 5 6 March 24, 1738, Wheat m - 4 I

Malt - - v 3 — Malt - m 3 . ——

March 24, 1735, Wheat - V w- 5 6 Sept. 26, 1730, Wheat P» 4 to

Malt - Vo l.30. > - 3 mmmtm Malt - m . 3 0 Marsh

Oxford, Feb. 16. 1766.

7^4 2 5 Apri

March 22, 17JO, Wheat m ‘ m S. 5 d.

Malt - - 3 9

Sept. 27, 1740, Wheat - - 8 4

Malt - - - 3 9

March21, 1740, Wheat - - 7 2

Malt to - 3 9

Sept. 26, 1741, Wheat - - 5

Malt W - - 3 9

March20, 1741, Wheat - 4 1

Malt - ’ - - 3 9

Sept. 25, 1742, Wheat - - 3 9 ‘

Mate - 3 9

March 23, 1742, Wheat - 3 9

Malt - 3 6

Sept. 28, 1743, Wheat - - 2 2

Malt ' mk - - 3 3

March 24, 1743, WHeat - 3 1

Malt - - X 9

Sept. 26, 1744, Wheat - 3

Malt - to - 2 9

March 13, 1744, Wheat 4 3

Malt to to - 2 9

Sept. 28, 174$, Wheat - 3 a

Malt to ' to to X 9

March 21, 17 *;, Wheat to - 4 3

Mate to to 6

Sept. *7, 1746, Wheat? - 4 4 4

Malt to - to 2 6

Match21, *746, Wheat to 4 t

Malt - - 2 6

Sept. 26, 1747, Wheat? <4" to' 4 6

Malt to to.. - 2 fr

Matth23, 1747, Wheat - - 4

Mate to' to to i

Sept, tt, iftf, Wheat - to 4 3

Malt to - 3

March 22, 1748, Wheat - - 4 —

Malt - - 3 3

Sept, tj, 1740, Wheat - - 4

Malt - - 3 3

March 24, 1749, Wheat - - 4

Malt to - 3 3

Sept. 26, 1750, Wheat - 4 - 4 1

Malt - 3 —

March 23, 1750, Wheat - - 4

Malt 3 —

Sept. 28, 1751, Wheat 4 - 5 3

Malt 4 ' to - 3 3

Matth xi, 1752, Whet* 4 to 5

Malt - 3 6

08. 7, 1752, Wheat to - 5 —

Mate - to* 3 3

s. d.

Apr. 4» 1753. Wheat - - 5-

Malt - - - - 3 6

0/3, 6, 1733» Wheat - - 5 3

Malt - - - to 3 (i

: ^.3, x754> Wheat - to 4 IO{

Malt - - - - 3 6

9* ? 754* Wheat m to 4 2

Malt - -- - 3 3

Apr.x, 1755, Wheat - to to 4

Malt 3 3

08.8, 1755, Wheat - - 4

Malt - - 3 3

- Apr. 3, 1756, Wheat - 4 9

Malt to 3

Otf. 9> 1756* Wheat to to 6 —

Malt to . 3 9 6

Apr.x, 1757, Wheat - to

Malt . - - to 4 6

Otf. 1, 1757, Wheat - 8 —

Malt - - 4 6

/f/?r. 1, 1758, Wheat - - 7 4 3

Malt - . > 6

05. 7, 1758, Wheat - 6 —

Malt - - . 4

Apr.4, 1759, Wheat to - - 5 —

Mate - - to 6

0<3. 6, 1759, Wheat to - J 4 9

Malt - - - 3

Apr. 2, 1760, Wheat to . 4 4

Malt - . 6

05. 8, j 760, -Wheat - - j 4

Malt - -

4, 1761, Wheat - to 3 4 i

Malt - to ‘ - 3

05. 7, 1761, Wheat to 3

Malt - . Q . _ -

3> x7^. Wheat - O 4 2

05. 9, 1762, Malt Wheat - - - 3 4 J

Malt - - to 4

Apr. 2, 1763, Wheat - 7 4 31

Malt - - 4 6

Or*. 8, 1763, Wheat . _ 5 4 -

Malt - . O

4pr. 4, 1764, Wheat - . _ 5 J 3

Malt . 4 6

05. 6, 1764, Wheat to - " 6 -

Malt - to 4 -, —

Apr. 3, 1765, Wheat to to a 4»

Malt to m . 1 4

05. 5, 1765, Wheat - 6 6

Malt - 4 6

N*IL

Cambridge, Feb, 11 th i ~GG.

SIR,

AS Clerks of the Market for the Town of Cambridge, we have endeavoured, as far as we were able, to fltew our Pelves obedient to the Order of the honourable House of Commons, which we received the eighth Infiaut: But we cannot find that any Public Register of the Prices of Malt has heretofore been kept; or any other Accounts of the Prices of Wheat, but those delivered in to the Chief Magistrate, from Time to Time, for setting the Assize of Bread. These Accounts since the Year 1758, are of such a Nature as to answer the Purpose required} those preceding are only Accounts of the Middle Prices of Wheat delivered upon any considerable Alteration of the Prices in the Market. An Extract from the former we have inclosed. If One from the latter will b#of any Service, we are ready to transmit it.

k has been customary, we believe, with some particular Colleges, to preserve, annually. Accounts of the Prices 19 of

V

6 Geo. III. 25° Aprilis. 765

of Wheat and Malt at every Lady Day and Michaelmas; but we know not whether they agree with one another, Cora Trade, or how far back they extend, nor have we, by virtue of our Office, any Aecefs to the fame.

We are. Sir,

Your moll humble Servants,

Richard Edward Oliver,

To T. Tyrrohitt, Esquire,

Clerk of the House of Commons, Westminster.

(Taxers for the University, and < Clerks of the Market for the I Town of Cambridge.

The best Prices of Wheat, as fold in the Market in the Town of Cambridge, on the Market Days next preceding. Lady Day and Michaelmas in each Year, from the Year 1758 to the present Year 1766.

s. d.

On the 17th of March 1759, bell Wheat at 4 — by the Bushel.

tzd September 1759 3 7

15th March 1760 3 6

27th September 1760 3 6

14th March 1761 3 3

26th September 1761 3 —

20th March 1762 4 3

25th September 1762 4

19th March 1763 3 11

24th September 1763 4 6

17th March 1764 4 9

22d September 1764 a 4

16th March 1765 6 6

28th September 1765 5 3

Cambridge, Feb. ii, 1766.

Rd. JVa,

(Taxers for the University,

- Clerks of the Market for

F 1 1 aw* S cierKs 01 t ie Marx

Edioard Oliver,) ~ . .,

’ (. Town of C

arid

the

The Price of the belt Wheat, and of the bell Malt, Duty excluded, as sold at Cambridge, on the Market Days next . before every Lady Day and every Michaelmas, for the Space of 89 Years, ended at Michaelmas 1765.

Wheat per Bushel. S. d. Wheat per Bushel. S. d.

1677. I^idv Day - - - 3 2 1692. Lady Day - - - - 4 3

Michaelmas — m - 4 7 Michaelmas - - - - 5 —

1678. Duly Day - - 5 4 1693. Lady Day - - - 6 4

Michaelmas - - - - 5 8 Michaelmas - - - 7

1679. Lady Day - - 6 4 1694. Lady Day - - - - 7 4

Michaelmas - - - 5 2 Michaelmas - - - - 4 5

1680. Lady Day - - 4 4 1695- Lady Day - - - - 3 5

Michaelmas - - - 4 6 Michaelmas - - - - 6 4

1681. Lady Day - - 5 — 1696. Lady Day - - - - 6 1 1

Michaelmas - - - 5 — Michaelmas - - - - 4 8

1682. Lady Day - - - 4 2 1697- Lady Day - - - - 5 4

Michaelmas - - 4 — M ichaelmas - - - - 6 7

1683. Lady Day - - 4 6 1698. Lady Day - - - - 7 —

Michaelmas - - 3 8 Michaelmas - - - - 7 4

1684. I.ady Day - - 4 6 1699- I^ady Day - - - - 6 10

Michaelmas - - - 5 1 Michaelmas - - - - 5 6

1685. Lady Day - - 5 8 1700. Lady Day - - - - 4 4

Michaelmas - - 4 4 Michaelmas - - - 4 7 i

168 6. Lady Day - 3 2 1701. Lady Day - - - - 4 —

Michaelmas . - - 3 6 Michaelmas - - - - 3 4

1687. Lady Day - - - 3 ior 1702. Lady Day - - - - 2 11

Michaelmas - " " 3 — M ichaelmas - - - - 2 9*

1688. Lady Day - - - 2. 8 1703. Lady Day - - - - 2 10

Michaelmas - - 2 4 Michaelmas - - - - 4 1

1689. Lady Day - - 2 8 1704. Lady Day - - - - 4 ri

Michaelmas . 3 2 Michaelmas - - - - 3 —

1690. Lady Day - - - 3 6 1705. Lady Day- «» - - - 3 1

Michaelmas - - - 2 11 Michaelmas - - - - 2 9*

169!. I^ady Day - - - 2 11 1706. Lady Day - - - A 2 1

M ichaelmas - - - 3 6 Michaelmas - - - 2 6

V01. 30- 9 1 1 707.

Corn Trade*

766 1707. AVlieat per Buftiel. Lady Day

Michaelmas - -

1708. Lady Day -

Michaelmas - .

<7°9: Lady Day - -

Michaelmas -

1710. Lady Day - »

Michaelmas - *

1711. Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

1712. I^idy Day -

Michaelmas

Lady Day - -

Michaelmas . r

1714. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas -

1715- Lady Day - -

Michaelmas.

1716. Lady Day

Michaelmas

t7i7. Lady Day -

Michaelmas - -

1718. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas

Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

1720. Lady Day - - —

Michaelmas _

1721. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas - -

1722. Lady Day -

Michaelmas

*723- Lady Day

Michaelmas

<724. Lady Day

Michaelmas

1725- Lady Day - -

Michaelmas _ -

1726. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas . -

1727. Lady Day -

Michaelmas

1728. Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

1729. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas . -

1730. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas - -

1731- I-ady Day _ -

Michaelmas _ - -

*732- lately Day . - -

Michaelmas - -

*733- Lady Day -

Michaelmas . - -

1734- Lady Day _ - -

Michaelmas _ - -

173.5- Lady Day -

Michaelmas - -

*736- Lady Day - -

Michaelmas - -

*737- I^idy Day -

Michaelmas . -

1738. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas -

1739- Lady Day _ -

Michaelmas _ - -

1740. Lady Day -

1741. Michaelmas Lady Day - -

Michaelmas - -

1742. Lady Day - -

Michaelmas -

17 -13 - Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

25° Apr

u 2 (I. 6 1744- ’Wheat f Lady Day

- 3 — Michaelmas

- n ,) 0 *745- Lady Day

4 IO Michaelmas

- (>' 6 1746. Lady Day

- 10 — Michaelmas

- 9 6 174 7- Lady Day

- 7 6 Michaelmas

- 5 2 1718. Lady Day

.5 n Michaelmas

6 — 1749* Lady Day

- 3 7 Michaelmas

- 3 9 1750. Lady Day

- (5 Michaelmas

- 6 2 1751 - Lady Day

- 4 — Michaelmas

- 3 7 177>1- Lady Day

- 4 6 Michaelmas

- 5 1 '753 Lady Day

- 5 3 Michaelmas

5 *754- Lady Day

- 5 — Michaelmas

- 4 9 Lady Day

- 2 10 Michaelmas

- 3 4 »756- Lady Day

- 3 f> Michaelmas

- 3 7 *757- Lady Day

- 4 2 Michaelmas

- 4 — 1758. Lady Day

- 3 6 Michaelmas

- 2 10 *759- Lady Day

- 3 9 Michaelmas

- 3 8 1760. Lady Day

- 4 — Michaelmas

- 4 — 1761. I>adyl)ay

- 4 — Michaelmas

- 4 3 1762. Lady Day

- .5 10 Michaelmas

- 6 4 I7^3- Lady Day

- 4. 9 Michaelmas

- 4 6 1764- Lady Day

- P" r> — Michaelmas

- 6 4 1765- Lady Day

- 6 9 Michaelmas

6 5 10 Malt

- 4 9 1677- Lady Day

- 4 3 Michaelmas

- 3 6 1678. Lady Day

- 3 — Michaelmas

- 2 7* 1679. Lady Day

- 2 6 Michaelmas

- 2 7 1680. Lady Day

- 2 8 Michaelmas

- 3 4 168a. Lady Day

- 4 . 2 Michaelmas

- 4 — i 1682. Lady Day

- 4 .6 Michaelmas

- 4 5 1683. Lady Day

- 4 2} Michaelmas

- 3 9 1684. Lady Day

- 3 10 Michaelmas

- 3 7 1685. Lady Day

- 3 2 Michaelmas

- 3 9 1686. Lady Day

- 4 Michaelmas

- 5 r^. 00 O H Lady Day

- 5 8 Michaelmas

- 6 — 1688. Lady Day

- 4 3 Michaelmas

- 3 6 1689. Lady Day

- 3 < — Michaelmas

- 2 7 1690. Lady Day

* 1 7 Michaelmas

A. 1766,

Buthei. s% (J

" - - 2 m- r /*

- - - 2 I /i

— - 2 5 i

- - - :i \

- - - 4 3

- - 3 6

- - 3 - T / a

" 3 r- I /2

- - - 3 8

- - 4 5

- - - 4 —

- - 4 *4

- " - 3 3

- - 3 i°i

- - - 3 0

- - - 4 7

- - " 4 4

- - 5 — -

- - -- 5 —

- - - 4 4J

- - - 3

- - - 3

- " - 3 2*

- - - 3 7

- - 3 5

- - 6 - —

- 7 6

- - 6 6

- - - .1 6

- - - 5 9

- - - 3 io|

- - - 3 10*

- - .*> 6

- - - 3 9

- - 3 —

- - - 3 4*1

- ~ 4 2

- - 4 4*

- - - 3 8l

- - - 4 8*

- - - 5 —

- - - 6 6

- 6 6

- - - 5 7*

per Quarter. / s rf.

- - — l9 —

- - 1 2 —

- I 3 —

- I — —

- I 1

- - I — —

- - — 16 —

- - — l7 6

- — 16 <;

— - I 2 —

- - I 2 —

- - 1 2 —

- - I 2 4

- — l9 —

- - — »9 —

- - I —

- I 2 —

- I 1

*5 - — 17 —

" - — l9 —

- - — 18 —

" " — 16 1

- — i(> —

- - — I") —

- - — U —

- - — 13 —

" 1 13 —

- - — 11 6

1601.

6 Geo. III. izf Apr. 767

Malt per Quarter: £ s. d. Malt her Quarter; £. s. d?

1691. Lady Day - - 12 — 1729- Lady Day . - 1 I2 — Corn Trade,

Michaelmas - - - — 11 — Michaelmas - i 12 —

1692. Lady Day - - — 14 6 i73°- Lady Day - 1 4

Michaelmas - - — 16 — Michaelmas _' 1 2 —

I60J. Lady Day - - I 2 — 1731; Lady Day . _ - 1 — —

Michaelmas - - * I 4 8 Michaelmas . 1 4 —

1694. LadvDay vf.: ' - - I 3 6 1732. Lady Day . - 1 2 —;

Michaelmas - - - 1 — 6 Michaelmas . - 1 2 —

1695* Lady Day - - - _ 16 4 1733- Lady Day Z - t — —

Michaelmas - - - 1 1 — Michaelmas - i _

1696. I^ady Day - - - I 3 6 i 734* Lady Day - - 1 - — — 1

Michaelmas - - - IQ Michaelmas Z . 1 —

1G97. Lady Dav - «b - _ J 17 — 1735* Lady Day - 1 - 1 — —

Michacnnas - - - I — 6 Michaelmas z - i — —

1698. Lady Day V - - I 3 — inQ- Lady Day - z - 1 2 —

Michaelmas - - 1 Miebaelmas - _ t 4 —

1699- Lady Day - - I 9 6 1737* Lady Day z - 1 4 —

Michaelmas - - - I 8 — Michaelmas - - i 4 —

170a Lady Day - - - I 2 6 . 'iz* L?idy Day - z - 1 4 —

Michaelmas - - - I 3 — Michaelmas m t 2 8

1701. Lady Day - - - j 16 — r739* Lady Day - . - 1 — —

Michaelmas - - rnmmm 17 — Michaelmas - _ - r 4 —

1702. I^ady Day - MM 16 — 174°. Lady Day - 1 - 1 6 —

Michaelmas - - - 1 £ — Michaelmas - _ - 1 6 —

1703* Lady Day - m j 11 6 1741. Lady Day - - 1 $ —

Michaelmas - - — 17 — Michaelmas - - i 6 —

1704. I^ady Day - - - 19 6 1742. Lady Day - m I. 4 — '

Michaelmas - - - 13 6 Michaelmas - 1 6 —

1705- Lady Day - - 13 6 1743* Lady Day - - - 1 4 —

Michaelmas - - - . 13 — Michaelmas - - - 1 4 —

1706. T^ad v Day - 14 6 1744. Lady Day - - — 18 8

Michaelmas - - - 13 — Michaelmas - - — 18 —

1707. T^ady Day - - - 14 8 -1745* Lady Day - - - _ 18 —

Michaelmas - 19 6 Michaelmas - - - — 18 —

1708. Lady Day - - - I — 4 1746. Lady Day - - — 18 —

Michaelmas - - - J Michaelmas . - — 18 —

1709. Lady Day - - I 3 6 . 174 7- Lady Day - - - — 18 —

Michaelmas - - - I 3 Michaelmas - . - — 18 —

1710. I^adv Day - - I 5 — 1748. Lady Day - — 18 —

Michaelmas - - - I J c — Michaelmas - - - -L. 18 —

1711. Lady Day - - I j 2 — 1749- Lady Day - - - 1 2 —

Michaelmas - - - I 0 — Michaelmas - 1 2 —

1712. Lady Day - - I 0 1 — i75°- I^ady Day - . - 1 —

Michaelmas - - 18 6 Michaelmas - - 1. —

1713- Lady Day - - - 16 6 l151' Lady Day - - 1 —

Michaelmas - - . 18 2 Michaelmas - - - 1 2 —

i7M- Lady Day - - I 'lo1- Lady Day - M. 1 2 —

Michaelmas - - - I I Michaelmas - mi - 1 2 —

1715- Lady Day - - 1 O - 1753* Lady Day - - 1 2 — -

Michaelmas - I 1 8 Michaelmas - - 1 4 —

1716. Lady Day - 17 8 1754* Lady Day m - 1 4 —

Michaelmas - - 16 — Michaelmas - - 1 4 —

1717. I^ady Day - - - _ 18 8 . 1755* Lady Day - - 1

Michaelmas - > 17 4 Michaelmas - - 1 —

r7i8. Lady Day - - - I / 1756. Lady Day - - - — 18 —

M ichaelmas - - 18 8 Michaelmas - - 1 2 —

1719- I^ady Day - I 1757* I^ady Day - - - 1 12 —

Michaelmas - - I 4. — Michaelmas - - - 1 4 —

1720. Lady Day - I 8 — 175s- Lady Day - - 1 13 4

Michaelmas - - - I 8 — Michaelmas - - 1 12 —

1721. Lady Day - I 4 — 1759- Lady Day - - - 1 4 —

Michaelmas - - I 2 8 Michaelmas - - 1

1722. Lady Day - - 1 1760. Lady Day - - - 1 — —

Michaelmas - - - 18 -8 Michaelmas - 1 — —

1723. IjwIv Day - - 18 — 1761. Lad v Day - - - , — 18 —

Michaelmas - - - I 2 — Michaelmas - - — . 18 —

1724. Lady Day - - I 1 — 1762. Lady Day - 1:

Michaelmas - - - I I 4 — Michaelmas - - - i 6 —

1725. I^ady Day - - I 4 6 *763- I^ady Day - - - 1 10 —

Michaelmas I 4 6 Michaelmas - - - 1 14 —

1726. Lady Day I 5 4 1764* Lady Day - 1 10 — '

Michaelmas - - I j 4 — Michaelmas - - 1 10 —

1727. Lady Day - - I 4 — I7^5* Lady Day - - 1 8 —

Michaelmas - - I 6 Michaelmas - - - £ 8 —

1728. Lady Day - - - I 10 -r —

Michaelmas - r. I 12 —

Vol. 30. N* III

2 5° Ap

A. 1766

768

Com Trade.

N* III.

SIR, 26, 1766.

Inelofed you receive the bell Account I could, for so great a Length of Time, procure from Winton College, of the rel'peftive Prices of Wheat and Malt; and I hope, notwithstanding the Omissions of a few Years, that this Account, in general, will give some Satisfaction to the honourable House.

A Line of your Receipt hereof will oblige.

Sir. your most obedient Servant,

To T. Tynohitt, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons,

Robert Clarke, Town Clerk.

An ACCOUNT of the Prices of Whe;\t and Malt at in the several Years between 1661

and 1765, both included.

1661.

1662.

1663.

1664.

1665.

1666.

1667.

1668.

1669.

1670.

1671.

1672.

1673-

1671.

,675-

1676.

1677-

1678.

79.

1680.

1681. lbS2. 1683. 1G84.

No Account in the Burfars Books.

No Account in the Burfars Books.

Lady Day Michaelmas Lady Day Michaelmas

Lady Day.....-

Michaelmas. No Account in the Burfars Books.

Lady Day - ....

Michaelmas.....-

lady Day -

Michaelmas....

Lady Day -

Michaelmas....

Lady Day -

Michaelmas r

I^ady Day - ....

Michaelmas -

Lady Day "

Michaelmas Lady Day Michaelmas Lady Day Michaelmas Lady Day Michaelmas

Lady Day -

Michaelmas - -

Lady Day -

Michaelmas....

Lady Day -....

Michaelmas. No Account in the Burfars Books. Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

Lady Day.....-

Michaelmas -

I^ady Day....

Michaelmas..... -

Lady Day -....

Michaelmas.....-

I^idy Day - -

Michaelmas -

Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

1 A\dy Day....

Michaelmas -

Lady Day.....-

Michaelmas.....- -

I^adv Day....

Michaelmas -

Lady Day....

Michaelmas -

Wheat per Bushel. Malt per Bushel.

r. s. d.

6 6 3 —

7 6 3 6

4 10 3 4

5 4 2 6

4 6 2 6

4 6 2 4

4 2' IO

4 3 3 —

3 — 2 4s

3 4 2 l|

4 — 2 3 ‘

3 4 2 2

4 — z' 2

3 IO

6 —

8 —

7 —

6 6

4 6

3 9

4 2

6 2

6 10

6 — -

7 —

5 6

5 —

5 —

4 8

5 8

4 8

5 —

5 2

4 —

5 2

5 9

6 4

4 8

4

2 6

3 o* 3 7 3 7*

2 4J-

2 3*

1 io£

3 4* 3' 4*

3 "r

2 10k 2

2 3 2 3

3 4 3 4 3 — 3 —

3

3

3

7»

6

1686.

I%I.

1701.

1709.

1710.

1711.

1712.

17x3-

1714.

1715-

i 7 1 f>.

1; I 7.

6 Geo. III. 25*

Prie«s of Wheat and Malt at Winchester.

1686. Lady Day -Micliaehnas -1.687. IakI v Day -

Michaelmas -1688. 14i<ly Day

Michaelmas -

lG8-’' M^cLehnas } No Account in the Burfars Books* 1690. l<ady Day -

Midwolmas -

I udy Day -

Michaelmas- -1692. I sidy Day - -

M idmelams -

1G93. I -idy Day -

Midiaelmas -

1694. l-adv Day -

Michaelmas -

1695. Lady Day -

Michaelmas ——

1696. No Account in the Burfars Books.

1697. I.ady Day -

Michaelmas -

1698. I^ady Day -

Michaelmas -

1699. Lady Day s -

Michaelmas;

1700. Lady Day Michaelmas Ijidy Day Michaelmas

1702. ljuly Day Michaelmas

1703. Iatdy Day Michaelmas

1704* Lady Day

Michaelmas Account in the Burfars Books.

170 Lady Day Michaelmas

1706. Lady Day Michaelmas

1707. Lady Day Michaelmas

1708. Lidy Day Michaelmas Lady Day Michaelmas Luly Day Michaelmas.

Lady Day - *- Michaelmas -

Lady Da y -

Michaelmas - - - ..

I July Day - No Account in the Burfars Books. Michaelmas -

MiL?hL}No iu ,lw Burfar!

Lilly Day -

Mielinelmas- - -

LadyDay -

Michaelmas -

Lal v Day -

Michaelmas -

17 1P,. Lady Day -

Michaelmas -

i /iy. Lady Day.....-

Michaelmas ——

1720. Lely Day -

Mielinelmas ——

1721. Lul v Day -

Mk haclmas ——

Voi . Su.

Whtit pdf 769 Malt per Bushel.

s. d. s. d.

3 3 3

4 2 3

5 — 2 11

5 — 2 11

3 3 2 4$

2 8 2 i£

3 t io|

4 4 1

3 8 114

4 4 I ioi

6 6 % 6

6 6 £ 8*

! 7 5 2 Ip

7 6 4 3

| 9 6 3 I

'5 I® 3 6

-4 9 a 5i

7 6 3 —

1 7 10 3 *4

I 3 3 xt

8 2 3 9

8 — 4 ai

Cora Trade

3*1 No Account in the

J IOJ Bursar* Book*.

4 10 3 5*

5 3 3 5i

6 — 3

6 — 3 6

5 6 3 5

5 2 ii£

6 2 3 *4

4 6 2 114

3 6 2 1

3 9 3 4

4. — 3 6

4 .5 4 3

5 3 4 3

4 3 3

4 — 3

3 11* 2 7

4 7i 2 7

9

K

172?.

Corn Trade.

7

25? Jpfilis.

Prices of Wheat and Malt at Winch^ter,

/ »<« «

17 W. Lady Day

__ M ioliai’lmas

1723. Lady Day.

Michaelmas 17*4. Laijj- D.ay M idiaelmas *7^5* Lad[y Day M idiaelmas 17^. Lady Day v‘ Michaelmas 1747. I^u^y Day , Michaelmas 171*$. Lady Day Michaelmas t729» Lady Day.

Micliaelmas t73«u Lady Day; Michaelmas i73|i. Lady Day. __ Michaelmas

1732. Lady Day Michaelmas

1733. Lady Day Michaelmas

1734. Lat^V Day

> Micliaelmas

1735. Lady Pay Micliaelmas

1736. I^ady Day Micliaelmas

1737. Lady Day Michaelmas

1738. La<ly Day Michaelmas

1739. lady Day Michaelmas

1-740. Lady Day Michaelmas

1741. Lady Day Michaelmas

1742. I>ady Day Midi ael mas

1743. Lady Day Michaelmas

1744. Lady Day Micliaelmas

1745. Laity Day Michaelmas

1746. Lady Day Michaelmas

1747. Lady Day

Midiaclmas

1748. Lady Day Michaelmas

1749. Lady Day Michaelmas

1750. Lady Day Michaelmas

17 51 . Lady Day Michaelmas 1 732. I-ady Day Michaelmas 17; 3- Jf d.V Day Michaelmas 17^4. Lady Day Michaelmas 1753. Lady Day Michaelmas 1756. Lady Day Michaelmas *757 Lady Day Michaelmas

| No Account in the Burfars Books.

*.2 *WjfS&j

Wheat per Milt prr

Duflicl.

S. d.

Bulliel.

s. d.

4 10

V,

4 Z

H

i m

6;

3

6 Geo III. , 3

Prices of Wheat and Matt at

175?. Lady Hay Michaelmas a m «. - .<*

l139- Michaelmas: : t «. A m,

1760. Lady Day Michaelmas — " ' f a

1761. Lady Day Michaelmas *«- a* i- - ": A - ' V A a A - * 4

1762. Lady'Day Michaelmas - M — m - m at

-»763- Lady Day Michaelmas «» - j at 4 u 4

1764. Lady Day Michaelmas: ;: -.

1765. Lady Day Michaelmas V V ' i 4» - 4 , + 'id -

771

Wheat per d Buflief. Malt per; Bushel.

kd. . s. d,

6 10 ... 4 8

5 8 4 6

46 3 6

4 6. 3 4

4 5 3 8

4 9 3 6

4 5 3 f

4 3 3 8

4 6 3 5

5 — 3 6

4 5 4

5 8 4 5

5 6 4 6

5 4* 4 3

6 — 3

6 4 4 —

Cora Trade*

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the was presented to the House, and read; Setting fortfi, Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. That the Petitioners have seen a Bill, depending in the Re/otved, That this House will, upon TuesdayMorn- House, for paving, cleaning, and enlightening," the

Ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole City of , and the Liberties thereof, and for pre-

House, to consider of the said Report. venting Obstructions and Annoyances within thpfaoic,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Cuy of A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of Holywell Petitioners apprehend, it is intended by the said Bill, tp London Street, Church End, and Kings land Road jin the Parish collect Toll upon the Roads leading into the said City,

Paving, of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middler although not within the lame, or the Liberties thereof,

*c* sex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of towards executing the said Act; and that, by an Act:

themselves, and the other Inhabitants of that Part of the passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, Prp-said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Set- vision was made for cleansing, lighting, and watching, ting forth. That the Petitioners have seen a Bill, depend- the said Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, which Act is ing in the House, for the better paving, cleansing, and very sufficient for those Purposes; and the Inhabitants of enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties there- the said Parish pay £. 30 a Year to the Trustees to the of, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances Turnpike Road leading from ' Whitechapel Church,

Within the fame, and for other Purposes therein men- through the said County of Middlesex, into Essex, in lieu tioned; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it is intend- of the Statute Labour upon the said Turnpike Road; ed by the said Bill, to collect Tolls upon the Roads and and that, if Power is given by the said Bill, tOcoll^ct Waysleading to and through Shoreditch, into the City any Toll within the said Parish of Saint Mary, tyhifc*

Of London-, which Tolls are, by the Bill, directed to be chapel, it will be a moll heavy Burthen upon the Peti-npplied for the Purposes of the Pill only; and that the tioners, as they will not have it in their Power to go out

Parts of the said Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, of their Parish, without paying a Tax, which is, by the aforement ioned, are great Thoroughfares, and lead to said Bill, declared to be for the Purposes of paring f-and from the said Roads and Ways into the City of don, and its Liberties only, although the Petitioners don, and are now pa\ed and suppCrted by the Petition* will not have travelled upon any Part of the Pavement trs,-at a very great Expence; and that it will be very of the said City or Liberties; and that the Petitioners nnreasonable for them to be obliged to contribute to a do intend to apply tp Parliament, after thp Example of Tax, for paving the City of London and its Liberties, the City of for Power to pave and regulate the

without passing over the fame, or having the leall Ad- Streets within their Parish; but should not presume to vantage therefrom; and that the Petitioners do intend desire a Pow er to tax the Inhabitants of towards

to apply to Parliament, after the Example of the City the fame, unless they shall travel thereupon:’ And there-

of London, for Power to pave and regulate their Streets fore praying the House, Thgt, if the said Bill, npw de- abovementioned; hut limit not expect the Inhabitants pending, shall pass into a Law, Provision mpy be made

i*f the City of London, or Liberties, to contribute there- therein, that the Commissioners may be rest rained from to, unless they travel thereon: And therefore praying the cohering of Toll, at any Place beyond the Liber-the House, to take the Premises into Consideration; and ties--of the said City of London, adjoining to the said that the Petit ioners may not be burt lrened with any fur- Parish of Saint Mary? Whitechapel-, or that the Petition-ther’br other Expence, unless they shall receive a Benefit ers maybe heard, by their Counsel, against the said equal thereto; and that they may be heard, by their Bill, so far as it relates to them; or that the Petitioners Counsel, in Support of their Proportions. may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House

‘ A Motion Was made, and the Question being put, shall seem meet.

That the said. Petition be referred to the Consideration A Motion was made, -and th^.Question being put, of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better pav- That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ing, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and of the Committee, to w'hom the Bill for the better pav-the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions ing, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and find Annoyances Within tire fame; and for other Pur- the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obllruriions poles therein mentioned; is committed; and Annoyances within the same; and forother Purpo-

’ It passed in the Negative. fes therein mentioned; js committed;

' / It patfed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the

Poo r, Const able, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- General

of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, posed. That a General Warrant for seizing and appre- Warrant*.

' 'V01..30. hending

15 " — a 8*.

W*y*

ulM<ui.

77 3

handing any Person or Persons lieing illegal, is, if executed upon a Member of this House, a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The House was moved, that the Resolution of the House, of Tuffday last, " That a General Warrant for

apprehending the Author, Printer, or Publisher, of <c a Libel, is illegal; and, if executed on the Person of a Member of this House, is also a Breach of the Pri-" vilege of this Housemight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Questhm, by inferring, after the Word " illegal," these Words, " except in Cafes provided for by Act of Par-'* Iiament. "

And the fiud Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the muinQue(iion,u> amended, being proposed. That a General Warrant for seizing and apprehending any Person or Persons being illegal, except hi Cafes provided for by Act of Parliament, is, if executed upon a Member of this House, a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That a General Warrant for seizing and apprehending any Person or Persons being illegal, except in Cafes provided for by Act of Parliament, is, if executed upon a Member of this House, a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A. iq66.

. ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-’ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House*,

Ac,

American

Colonic*.*

House, upon the Bill for repealing the several Duties Upon Houses, 'Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights.

Rgfolttd, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn" ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, »7th, 28th, and 3 ill Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 ill Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna% 28* die Afrilis;

Anno 6* Georgii III*R Regis, 1766. Prayers.

High Bridge A NJngrossed Kll for repairing and widening the 6 tec. 6 ./jL Road from High the County of Staf-

Ro«d. ford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spalh, to Hanging Bridge, and from TezcnaWs Lane, to Bridge, in the said

County, was read the Third Time.

»7

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Snath, to Hanging and from TewnaU's

Lane, to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to the Lords, ami desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act for vesting Part of a MelTu^ge, with the Appurtenances, intailed by the Will of the most noble late

Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing another Messuage, or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ihrp-kins. Sir Jarrit Smith, Mr. Kynq/lon, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Teionjhend, Lord Grey, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Grey, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Barroro, Mr. Lafcelles,

Mr. De Grey, Sir Armine IVodchouse, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir George Mr. Luther, Mr.

Shiffher, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Norris, Mr.

tagu, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Seymour, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Sandys, Mr. BSir John Griffin, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Herneand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Jarrit Smith reported from the Committee, to whb(U the Bill for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the' Powers of the several Arts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and Liberties thereof; was committed; and to w’hom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of

Bristol, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had consideredthe said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and feund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner, to WalJiiUand Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook, and Ocker Hiand from End, to Puppy Green, and Tipton Green, and from Puppy to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Sand

Beds, to the Waif all and-Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge, to Blorzcich Chapel, and to Barn Hales and WalJ'all aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Darker, Lord Grey, Mr. Shiffher, Sir Brook Bridges, Mr. Fonerea !, M Lord Brown-

low Bertie, Mr. Totvnjhend, Mr- Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Shuttleicorth, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Luther, Mr. Herne, Mr. Prescot, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Adams, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Willoughby, Sir John Palmer, Sir Walter Blacktt, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Norris-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, Chester, Derby, Warwick, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s-Cham her.

Ordered,

Duke of Gra ftou’s Estate.

Bridal

Streets,

Muckley Corner, &c. Road,

Bowes

inclosure.

Chelmer

River

Navigation.

Laighton

Bromfwold

inclosure.

R'atcliffe

Culry

Jnclpfure.

6 Geo. III. a Jprilis.

773

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner, Mr. JBowwr/V.Mr. Archer, Mr. Methuen, Mr. IV"ft. Lord Mr.

Jennings, Mr. Lozcndes, Mr. Keck, Sir Samuel be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of liar bury, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, or Failures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bowes, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bowes, in the County of York.*

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttlewordo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making the River Chelmer navigable, from the Port of Maldon, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lulhe , Mr. Towh/hend, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Griffin, Mr. Fon-

nereau, Mr. Bertie, Sir Brook Mr.

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bull, Mr. Brand, Lord Grey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. 'Rigby, Lord Brozcnloio Bertie, Mr. Drake, Sir

Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Mr. Firmer,

Mr. Byde, Sir Robert Long, Sir Anthony Abdy, S\r John

Turner, Sir George Yonge, General Honyzcood, Mr. Ewer, Mr. De Grey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Cambridge,

Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Aii ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from the presentTurnpike Road, in the Parish ofi/a/j/Zey, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Sign of the Gun in the Parish of Newbury, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title*' be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of , i*

the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the 1'own of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Fund, and toxsn River.

Ordered, That Sir John Griffin Griffin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Wafie Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton , and

Kimberley, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton , and

Kimberley, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That M r. De Grey do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hursley

to

Andovcf

Road.

Carlton

ana

Kimberley

Jndofure.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish o Brornfwold, otherwise Laighton Ecclesia, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to W'hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Ratcliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 7 Acres 2 Roods and 18 Perches and an Half of Land, who, being applied to, refusedtosign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed amount to 560 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

Vol. 30.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, Sutton,

made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for ttc-

draining, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds tain and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townfli ps,

Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, ol'Sutton, Ganjlead, Swine, Bennijtgholme, Benningholme

Grange, and Fairholme, North Sk Arnold, Long Riston, Levan, Ileigliholme, and Hally tree Holme, Braudes Burton, and BuEJke, Tick ton.

Wed, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Wazvnin

Holderness, in the Fall Riding of the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to render.more effectual an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining:, preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sutton, (kan-Jlead, Seine, Benningholme, BenninghoGrange, and

Fairholme, North Skirlaugh, Rozvlon, Arnold, Long Riston, Leven, Heighohne, and Hally tree Holme, Brandes

Burton, and Burfal, Fjke, Tick ton, Routh, Meaux,

and Waghen, otherwise Wau>«, in Holderness, in the

East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Brownbw Bertie reported from the Committee, Corby to w.hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several inclosure. Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

L tljeir

1

774 2 8° ApA. 1766

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except John Paw ho refused to lign the Billv but said he would not oppose it, and who is possessed of Three Acres Three Hoods and Twenty-one Perches of Land in the said Grounds proposed to be in* closed; and that the whole of such Grounds amount to 1 j 2 7 Acres One Rood and Twenty-one Perches; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tike Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables; Where the A mendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Ques-tron federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for keeping down the Interest of Money borrowed.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tufnell* The Lord Burgherjh reported from the Committee,

Libia. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George F Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Estates, deviled to him by Sir William Jfal'oH, Baronet, in the County of was

committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Burgherjh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

f sd An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

P»rtnnouth’s^for veiling certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes,

£ te*"‘ Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of

merfet and Devon, devised by the Will of John late Earl of Portjmoulh, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited by the said Will, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jennings, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ix>rd Brown low Bertie, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Sir Charles Mordmnl,

Mr. Townshend, Sir Joseph Maze bey, Mr. Sh iff her, Mr. Daxkei', Kir. Shuttlczcorth, Mr. DcGm/, Sir Mr. Calvert, Lord Grey, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynaston,%{r.

Montagu, K1 r.Lu ther, Mr. LaJcelles, Mr. Fonnereau, M r. Norris, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Alderman Sir

George Savile, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Armine

Wodehouse, Wt. Herne, Mr. Cholm lei), Mr. Sir

Eduard Turner,^Ar. Harr is, Sir George Yonge, S\r Francis Vincent, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Kir. Sandys, Mr. Befi, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Southampton, Wilts, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, In the Speaker’s Chamber.

SoarTtWer Sir John Palmer reported from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Bill for making the River Soar navigable from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making navigable Cuts; or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near the Rifies and the Hermitage Pool at Loughborough aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bid.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill-from the Lords, intituled, An Act lnCf’* for veiling an undivided Moiety of certain MeflhageS,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, and Ejffkx,

and in the City of London, late the Estate of PiggdU Inge, Esquire, deceased, and Mary, late the Wife, and now the Widow, of the said Piggott liter, in Trustees, to be sold -and disposed of ini pursuance of certain Agreements, and for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Porpoises tlterein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Bur-chafe Money, upon the Trulls, and for the Punpefes, therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Kir. Fuller,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Kynafitm, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr.

FimnereauffntCharles Mvrdaunt, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Jhend, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Montagu, Lord Joint

dish, M r. Shfffher, Mr. Hoiham, Admiral

Smith, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. CoSir

Thomas, Mr- Ewer, Lord Coleraine, Sir Armine

house, Mr. Bootle, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. De Grey, Mr.

Lexis, Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Beauchamp Prectot,

Mr. Archer, Sir Francis Vincent, M r. Gore, M r.

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Delaval, Mr. Alderman Harley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. , Sir - -

John Gibbons, Sir William Codruigton, and nil the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Bedford, Northampton, Bucks, and Middlesex; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Tufnell reported from the Committee, to whom Cottfagbam the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Inclosure, l,ands, Grouuds, and Common Pastures, in the Pa- &c-rish o { Cotlingfunn, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed. That the Conunitlee liad con-

fidered the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners, and Proprietors of Several Open and Common Fields, called The Lower Gates The Stocking Butts, The Flmvbrozvs, and The Wefi and Eafi Hangings, in the Township of Cottingham, in the County of York, to them referred; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satil-faction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 480 Cattle Gates, who, being applied to, refilled to figq the Bill; and that the w hole Number of Cattle Gates amount to 3364; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bili, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thqn a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon. One of them was dif-agreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several

Amendments

Westminster

Pavi»g.

Dumfries,

fee.

Writs,

Importation

of

Silks, fee.

Southwark.

Streets.

Ryton

Iftclosure.

6 Geo. III.

28* Ap

775

Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mv. Fitzherl>ert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering the Commissioners for

is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Kingstho.jrt Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common *nc‘D Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Yvafle Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of in the County of which Bill was, uponthisDay

Sevennight, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s putting in execution the several Acts passed, for pav- Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, ing, clrtmfing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill,

Panes, within the City and Liberty of Wejhvinster, and gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is Parts adjacent, to collect further Tolls, and -apply the concerned, that the House may do therein, as they ill a 11 same for the Purposes of the said Acts: And the same think lit. was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That all have Voices who cometo the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to several Open and Common Fields, Common, Arable, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Meadow, and Pafiure Grounds, and Commonable the denting of aCommissioner to serve in this present Lands, within the Parish of Ha r bury, in the County of

Warioick, is committed.

Harbury

in cloture.

Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Lochmabenand Sanquhar, in the room of the Right honourable.77iowaj Miller, Lord Advocate of Scotland, who, since his Election for the said

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Money granted m lHiiitia Pay this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of and.Clothing*

Distrtft of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Lord the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Chief Justice Clerk of Scotland. ~ '

Sir William Beauchamp Prodfar presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Im-

?ortatKm of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, fora 'ime to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1766; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, thefeveralLaws relating to the raising and training of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, so far as the same relate to the Payment of Money into His %Ia-jesty’s Exchequer, by such Counties as have not raised the Militia, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the The Hmife, according so Order, proceeded to take Bill, by way of Ryder, obliging Militia Men who shall into Consideration, flie Report which was made from inlist into the Army, to serve therein wiben their Time the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving the High hi the Militia is expired.

Street, Part of White Street, and Kent Street, in the And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Newington, in the which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third

County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, war watching the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and -agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by other Places, adjoining thereto; and for preventing way of Ryder.

Annoyances in the find Strdets; wascemhiitted. Resolved, That the Bill do pafc: And that the Title

And the said Report was read. be, An Act for applying the Money granted in this

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the the said Bill, were severalfy read a "Second Time; and, Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amend- 5th Day of March 1766; and forexplaining, amending, ments to several of them, agreed to by the House. and rendering more effectual, several Acts of ParJia-A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to pre- >ment, passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of vent the cdflefting of Teflon Carriages and Cattle the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the raising ~~ " and training of the Militia, within that Part of

Britain called England.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

parting over Black Friars Bridge.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Orteftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was-made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

AtthaUowi the the yfM

Church

A Mefflage from the Lorde, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled* A*1 The IToufe being informed, that His Majesty's In- Act to render more effectual, an Act, passed interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing last Session of Parliament, for rebaildincg the Vunui the Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Com- - Church of Wall, in the City of Eonaxm,

mon Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and forrebuilding the House belonging to the Rector o Heaths, and Waste Lands, or'Grounds, in the Hamlet the said Parish, and for purchasing several Pieces o or Township of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Palleges Bulking ton, rn the County of Warwick; which Bill was, to and from the said Church and Hovriei more cotncao-tipon ThUrjday last, reported from the Committee, -to dious, without any Amendment; And. also, whom the same had been committed; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glasgow

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s to enlarge the Term and Powers of an made in the j.

Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for rehaving been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, pairing several Roads leading into the City gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is so far as the same relates to the Distri£fcs of Ronds, from concerned, that the House may do therein, as they shall Inclvbdly Biridge to Glasgoto, and from Glasgow to think fit. bum Bridge-, and for altering and ascertain/ng the

Course of the last mentioned Distri<£ of Road; without The House bemghrfarmed, that His Majesty VInterest any Amendment: And also.

The

776 28® — 290

SottholPs The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and other* for naturalizing GodhardPeter Cornud,

at‘ and Renira Bent inch, with fonie Amendments-, to which Amendments the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to of certain" Order, a Bill for redeeming One Third Bart of the Re-Aanuitie*. mainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the 3d Year of Mis present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Delientures: And the same was received; and read the l'irft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Preventing An ingrossed Bill to extend an Act, made in the Robbery. 4th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law, upon feme Points, relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the moreeffec-tual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muir-burn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the united Kingdom; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon some Points, relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said AQ^relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effect tual the Laws for restraining Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the united Kingdom,

Ordered, That Mr. O/tdald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newpallle The House, according to Order, resumed the ad-journedConsideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Flood Gates upon the Mill Dam, in or near the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Nampt-icich, in the County of was committed.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confnler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House was moved, that Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cider and Perry, and for raising the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of such Part of the said Act, as granted several additional Duties upon Wines imported.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Aprilis. ’ 1766.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they hail come to several Resolutions; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Onslow also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of die Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the San >IvBJI; ' whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for °n ^!* granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through. the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IIP" Regis 1766.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open j^g^ and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Com- Bromfwold ble Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Inclosure,

Bromfwold, otherwise Laighton Ec in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third - Time.

Resolveid, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton Bromfwold, otherwise Laighton Ecclesia, in the County of Huntingdon,

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to exchange Earl the Lands of Feman and Lix, in t he County of Perth, Breadalbane’* for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable £*change. John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitk in the said County of Perth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Aud that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of Feman and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lauds, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of

Perth.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

6 Geo. III. 29° Jpri 777

Henley’s The Lord Burgherjhreported from the Committee, to Mate*. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates, late of Robert Henley, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay otf the Debts, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the fame, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Bank of England, subject to the further Order of the said Court, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Arid the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd Burgherjh do carry the Bill to the I.ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wednestury, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in , to the

further End of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway, and from thence, through Bi/jton, to the farther End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 22. After " convenient," to insert "the Consent of such Persons who shall advance Monies on the Credit of the Toll being first obtained."

2i, I. 3. After "on," to insert " or rai fed upon the Credit of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlajlm Lane, next the and from thence,

through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

KeAam’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Males. for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates late of Robert Ncdham, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of Five hundred Years, to George Ncdham, Esquire; for confirming an Agreement made between the Widow' and Children of the said Robert Nedharti; and for vesting Part of the said Robert Ncdham’s laid Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances affecting such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Codrington, Sir George Savile, Mr. Grant, General A'Court, Lord Broionloiv Bertie, Mr. Wynn, Lord Grey, Mr. Towvjhend, Mr. Grey, Lord Strange, Mr. Fonne-reait, Mr. Pennant, Mr. Luther, Sir John Mr. Pcvton, Mr. Ojioald, Mr. Lord Howe, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Fi/zherbert, Mr. Howe, Mr. Alderman JIarley, Mr. Rnpwlds, Mr. Lord John Caven-

dish, Lord Cary fort, Mr. Bejl, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Griffin, Sir. Sandys, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lafceltes, Mr. Adams, Mr. Garth, Mr. Harris, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. S/tifiner, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Molcsworth; and all i. the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Sonurjet, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And th$y are Yor. 30.

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to establish a Proposal made by William Confable, Esquire, to the Governors of the charity Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Rfme. Clergymen, and for confirming the fame, and effectually carrying the same into execution, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to establish a Proposal made by William. Constable, Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called.

Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields* Uaidertos Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Inclosure.

Parish of Balder ton, in the County of Nottmgham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bughby.General A'Court, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Hevvett%

Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fonnereau,"NTr.

Toumjhend, Mr. LafceUes, Lord Gage, Lord Mexbor-ough, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Forrester, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Butler, Mr.

Lord Grey, Mr. Buller, Mr. Shiffner, Mr. , M r,

Luther, Lord Brownloio Bertie, Mr. Norris, Sir John Aubyn, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Ridley, Mr. tagu, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Grant, Mr. , Sir

John Palmer, Sir Thomas Cave, Admiral Frankland j and all the Members who serve for the Counties" of Nottingham, Lincoln, York, Leicester, and Derby; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Stretham

to whom the Bill for draining and preserving Stretham Drainage, Common, in the Parish of Stretham, in the Isle of Ely, in &c* the County of Cambridge, and for the Building of a Bridge over the River Ouzc, between the said Common and other Commonable Fen Lands, in the said - fkirish was committed; and to whom the Petition of Camps, William Jacklin, James Howe, Samuel and

others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, having a Right of Common in Waterbcach Level, was refereed; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned in Stretham Common had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Mary , and Francis

Morden, who are possessed of Three Rights of Common, and who said, they did not chufeto sign the Biff’, and also except John Knight, who is possessed. of Half a Common Right, and who could not be found.; and that the Whole consists of Seventy-nine Common Rights; and that the Parties concerned in Waterbeach IwvelhaA given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except 37 Persons, who pay 1 5- 7

per Annum, to the present Tax on the said "Level, who were'either incapable of confcnting, could not be found, or lived at a great Distance; and also except 34 Persons, who pay £.45. is. 2 d.\per Annum to the said Tax, who objected to the Bill, and some of whom had the Petition against it; but Seven Persons, who had Figned the said Petition, and who pay jT.g. 8s. 6dj,

Part of the last mentioned Sum, said they signed the said Petition from a Mif-representation of the Cafe; and Four of the said Seven Persons, who pay £.6, 6s. od.

Part of the said £.g. 8x. 6d. J, declared, that, if they had not signed the said Petition, they should have been

9 M for

29* ApriUs. A. 17 66.

for the Tax; and that the whole Tax upon the said Level amounts to £. 248. 5*. 2 J per Annum-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, u{xm the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Scothoro An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain IndoAire. Open Arable Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Parishes of Scot horn and Sudhrooke Holme, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the 0 Bill, by way of Ryder, to allow the Commissioners to tnake an Allotment to the Lord of the Manor, out of the Vicar’s Allotment.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 2. To leave out "and;" and after "Pasture," to insert " and Waite."

43.1. 6. After " ," to insert " the

Dean and Chapter of ."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Scothorn and in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thorp* Mufti An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing a Com. Inclosure. mon, called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grumblehirjl, within the Parish of upon in

the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act, for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grumblehirjl, within the Parish of upon Dunn, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster Mr. Whihcorth presented to the House, according to Paving. Order, a Bill for putting the Road from Clarges Street, to Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Street, in the Parish

of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of dlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing . the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea,

and Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in: And the fame

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dit:o. Mr. Whitioorth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and consolidate the several Acts, passed in the 2d, 3d, 4 th, and 5th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Ijmdon, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the The Bank of England, to purchase certain Houses and Ground, contiguous and near to the Bank, and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Brmmington and Chef a;field, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the T welfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, in the County of to Little Dray-

ton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill, to Fofion Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shreivsbury, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmadl Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining,- several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment:-And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pattrington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Loras have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commons or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Fofion, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge

City of London; new Streeti,

Passagei to the Bank of England*

Brimmington

and

Chesterfield

Roads.

Spittlegate

'Hill,

See.

Road*

Shrew (bury Bridge.

Derby small Debt*.

Bourn

/Inclosure.

Pattrington

Inclosure.

Brigham

Inclosure.

TunbridgeWelis

to

Kingles Cross Road.

6 Geo. III.

*9

Ash borne, Ac. Road.

Lubnam

Iftdolbrc.

Karl

Ferrer’s

Eftstc.

Tonbridge

to

Halftone

Rood.

Cloth

HsimfaRiiyc.

Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Croft, near Uckfield, in the County of Su without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

repairiivgandwidening the Road from4/Afon*cto&<<ttMry,

and (romSudburytoYoxhall Bridge, and from the Turnpike

Iioad, upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Ivords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the County of

cester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of,

Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. n liiticorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts CroJ's to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tunbridge to was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed td, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Law's relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York, and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Mar. ket, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Clothiers, Dressers, and Manufacturers of Woollen Broad Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel; and had also heard Coun-£el for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pr.

11.

1.

1. 14

I7-

Sutthoff’* (and othet*) Nat.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Godhard Sutthoff, John Peter Cornud, and Renira Bentinck.

Vol. 30.

ms. 779

And the said Amendments, were read, and are M

followeth; viz.

Leave out " and."

After " Utrecht" insert "

Mavit, Son of Peter Mavit, by his Wife, born at Geneva, Blanckenagen, SonbfSimonBlancken-

agen, by Agnetha Elizabeth, hisW ife, born at Revel in Livonia, Francis Menet, Son of Francis by

Mary Torras his Wife, born at Beauchajlelxn Vivarez in France, and.

John Abraham Haldimand, Son of Francis Lezois Haldimand, dalen de Fraytmons his W ife, born at Joerdan, in S."

1. 29. Leave out and."

30. After " Bentinck" insert " Aymerce M dvit, JuJtus Blanckenagen, Fra nets Menet, and John Abraham HalcLi-mand."

Pr. 2. 1. 5. Leave out " and, " and after " Hen-tine k" insert " Aymerce Mavit,

Blanckenagen, Francis and

John Abraham H."

Pr. 3. 1. 4. Leave out " and."

5. After " Bentinck" insert 2idLa-

vitfujlus Blanckenagen, net, wad John Abraham Haldrmand.’*

Leave out " and, " and after <c Bentinck" insert " Aymerce Mavit, J^S-tus Blanckenagen, Francis Menet, send.

John Abraham Haldimand"

In the Title of the Bill, leave out,

" and, " and after " Bentinck,* insert " Aymerce Mavit, JuJtus " gen, FrancisMenet, and Johnd bra-uhamHa

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Edmonfione do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed, that Mr. Royer, from the Account* Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at Sugar. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugars imported into Scotland, from Christmas 176410 Christmas 1765; distingu ishing the Places from whence they were imported:

And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Sugars exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing the Species, and the Quantity exported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 17^6» distinguidiing the Places from whence the same was imported; together with an Account of the Quantity of Cotton exported during the same Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Coiuvay, upon the 14th, 2 2d, 27th, 28th, and 3 ift Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17 th, and 21 ft Days of last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th,

21 ft Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do make the Report from W»yi

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was *nd Mean*

referred

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Redemption of certain Annuities.

General

Warrants.

780 2i° Aprihs

referred to con fid er further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Paterson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to His Majestyjin the last Session of Parliament, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of 1765, be issued and applied towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eighty-one thousand Pounds, of (he Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between His Majesty and the French King, concluded and signed at the 27th Day of

February 1765, for the Maintenance of the late French . Prisoners of War, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, and as shall be paid into the said Receipt on or before the 5th Day of April 1767, of the Produce of the Duties charged byan Act made in the last Session of Parliament, .'upon the Importation and Exportation of Qnm Senega and Gum Arabic, be issued and applied towards making . good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, of such Monies, remaining in the Receiptof the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, and as shall be paid into the said Receipt on or before the 5th Day of April 1767, of the Produce of such of the Duties granted or continued by an Act made in the 4th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, as were thereby reserved to be disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the . tifli Colonies and Plantations, in America, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 17 66.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for declaring that the additional Duties, granted byan Act, made in the ThirdYear of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Wines imported, were by the said Act intended, and ought to be paid without any Discount or Deduction Inwards, or Drawback on Re-exportation.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, . agreed to by the House.

A Bill for redeeming One Third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Trajftsport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, was read . a. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Iloofe will. Tomorrow Mom-. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, the Court of Reguejls, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ' restrain the issuing of any Warrant for seizing Papers, except in the Cafes of Treason, or Felony without any Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations: And that Mr. Grenville, Mr. Wedderburn, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Mr. Pitt, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The House was moved, that the Resolution of the House, of Friday last, "That a General Warrant for seizing and " apprehending any Person or Persons being illegal, " except in Cafes provided for by Act of Parliament, is, " if executed upon a Member of this House, a Breach " of the Privilege of this House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a' Bill to declare all General Wacrantsfer seizing and apprehendingany Person or Persons to be illegal, except in Cafes provided for by Act of Parliament, agreeably to the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, Was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j . } 7*.

Tellers for the Noes, r., \ 130.

’ I Sir Alexander Gilmour.,) J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 4,1. 2, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 4.1. 2, being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth,

SMr. Tho. TownJhejtd'j

J unior, > 1,30.

Lord Barrington: J

Tellers for tire Noes, j £} 76-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum, or

Parchment,

Supply Bill; Ptities ou Houses*

See.

America;

Indemoitv

for

Dnfiampe4

Paper.

Corn Trade*

American

feolomet.

Message to attend the Peers.

Royal Assent to Bills.

6 Geo. lit.

29" — -3 0°

781

Parchment, contrary to an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies and Plantations.in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrossings, and Printings, wrote, iiigrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon unftdmped Paper, which, by the said Act, would hare been, or shall be, null and void; upon Payment df certain Sums of Money. '

Resolved, That this House will, To-mbrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th,22d, 27th, 28 th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of Februart) last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chan-fcellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and ift Days of February\a.(t, by His Majesty’s Command.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mtrcuriiy 30° die Apr tits;

Anno 6* Georgii III"* Regis; 17 PrayerL

AMeflage from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House.to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the Hotrfe, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that; the House had attended His Majesty in she House of Peers, whereHis Majesty. was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in American Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Deferlion, send for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts,' in this Kingdom.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London.

An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for repairing the Highways, paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of and for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein; and for {hutting tip Road from the late Horse Ferry at to West Sheen

Lane, near Richmond Green-, and for amending, and

keeping in Repair, the Road from Ktw Bridge to Richmond.

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchasecertain'Housesaud Ground, contiguous and near to the , and for making certain Avenues leading thereto, more commodious.

VOL. JO.

An Act to render more eiteciual an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for main- *

tainingi regulating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Aidtaliows on the Wall, in the City of London, imd for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rebtor of the said Parish, and for purebafing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Pufi’ages to arid from she laid Church and House more commodious.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final 1 Debts, within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof.

An Act to remove and regulate the public Markets, in the City of Bath-, for widening certain Streets, Way 3, and Passages within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes,

Ways, arid Passages there, to remove allNuilances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the firid City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water.

An Act for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties bf tier (ford, and Disex. .

An Act for repairing rind widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury.

An Act for further continuing the Duty of One Earthing perChajder on Coals, granted by an Act of the First Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the Eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harb’pur of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping the re.

An Act for repairing, widening; ^nd keeping in Repair the Road leading from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road, at or near Langley Mid, in the said County.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the M

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Red Cropt, in the P&rish of Skefordi in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for Enlarging the Term and Rowers granted by an Act,' passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads in the County of Bucks, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Wendover and the Town of Buckingham.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of Kring ne

Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to tire Districts ot

Roads, from Inchbelly Bridge, to Gla/gozv, and front'

Glasgow tb RedbHrn Bridgeiand for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last-tneutioned Dish’ict of Road.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads Irony Brimmington and Cheferjfield, in the County o river the High Moors, to the fevei*al Places therein mentioned. , -

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in the "Twelfth V ear Reign of King George the First, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spit tie gate Hill, in the County of to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as ref

9 N latef

782 3°° Jprilis.-^.1766.

Royal Assent lates to the Road froni HiU, to Fojloit

to Bill*. Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ashbor.ie to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hal ton Moor, to 7 at bury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridg-Wells, in the County of Kent, to Singles Crfs, near Uckfield, in the County of

An Act to enable the Molt noble William Duke of Devon/hirc, to take, in England, the Oath of Office of High Treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself, in England, for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, to grant Leases of their Estate in the Parish of Saint Olave, Southwark.

An Act for vesting Part of the Fee Simple Estate of George late Lord Viscount of the Kingdom of

Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying the Debts, Legacies, dnd Incumbrances, mentioned iq, and appointed to1'be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effectuating several Contrafts entered into by him for felling and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in I^avv and Equity.

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrei/, devised by the Will of Sir William Clayton Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, irf the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the likeTJfes.

An Act for veil irfg tire Freehold and Leasehold Estates, late of Robert Henley, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise MonOy, to be applied to pay off Debts, and Tncumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the fame, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus Money in the Bank of England, subject to‘ the further Order of the said Court.

An Act for vesting several Copyhold Estates of Ann B la grave, Widow, and others, in Trustees, f<j be fold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Copyhold Estates Hand limited.

An Act to im power John Jones, Esquire, and Margaret ta Maria his Wife, late Margaretta Maria Weller, Widow, and other the Devisees of John Clerk,

deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Chartio-rt, and of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manor, and also the Parishes of Woolwich and Plum-fled, in the County of Kent.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John Silvefler Smith, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging IncumbranC&s affecting the fame.

An Act to enable George Tufnell, Esquire, to

grant! Building Leases of Estates devised to him by Sir William Halton, Baronet, in the County of Middlesex.

0P An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Cow Moor, and Clowder,

otherwise Clozvther, within the Township of Arncliff', in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common-Arable Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the Moor or Common, within the Manor and Township of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of York,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Blaby, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Countejlhorpe, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lauds and Grounds, in die Parish Of Hexton, in the County of except

a Common Pallure, called The Cow Common.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cont-

mon Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of7 in the Parish of Hilchen, in the County of Hertford.

An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Walle and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pattrington, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commons, or Commonable Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of Foston, in the East Riding of the County of

An Act for dividing, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in

the County of Leicester.

An Act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George,

Hatwver Square, in the County of Middlesex.

An ingrossed Bill for widening several Streets, Lanes;’’ BriUrd Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for Street* opening several new Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, anil enlargin g file Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places, within the said City and Liberties thereof; was read she Third Time.

Resolved, Thkt the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, amending* and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing,. lighting, w'atching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Jarrit Smith do carry the Bill to: the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for making the River naviga- Soar RI*A ble, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in Navigation, she County of Leicester-, and for making navigable Cuts or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near the lhifies, and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough

aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making navigable Cuts or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near the Rujhes, and the Hermitage Pool, at Ixnighborough aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir John Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Facmt’s for naturalizing Peter Facon, was read the First Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chaffed©’* for naturalizing Laurence Charlesson, was read the First Nat* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bejl reported from the Committee, to whom the BidJeoden, Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Townof Brddenden, ihtheWealdofiCc/if, through C/wr-

ing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Afford to Feversham, at a Place called Boun wascommit-ted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

6 Geo. III. jd' Aprilis . 783

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questlon severally put thereupon; were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

A ^cnticf Mp* Ward reported from the Committee, to whonrl

PP4c. ILt*> Ibr better regulating Apprentices and articled

Journeymen, employed in the several Trades and Manufactures within thid Kingdom, was comrfiittedj , That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto; which they hadj directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plaice; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the.Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and therf a Second Tjme, One by One; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cultivation Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Procter do of fcc carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for encouraging e*> the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation, of Trees,

Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Dartferd . Ordered, That all have Voiced who come to the Roads. Committee, to whoip the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, is committed.

/ 1 Exporting A Petition of John Le Mcjfurier, Esquire, and Noah Coal* to Le Cross, of London, Merchant, Agents for the Islands Guernsey, Qf jerj'ey, Guernsey, and Alderney, was prefepted to the *c* House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and other Purposes therein mentioned, an additional Duty of Four Shill i ngs per Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, was laid on all Coals shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the British Dominions in; and that, the said

Exception not being extended to the Islands of Jerj'ey, and Alderney, they are ful ject to the Payment of the said Duty; and that, on other Occasions, when Acts of Parliament have been passed lor prohibiting the exportation of such Commodities as are of necessary Use in the said Islands, from England to Foreign Parts, or laying heavy Duties thereon, ,the Legislature have thought fit to except,.the said Islands thereout, or to make Provision for allowing certain Quantities of such Commodities to be exported from England to the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, free from the Duties and Restraints laid by such Acts; and that Coals from England are of necessary L’fe for the Inhabitants of these Islands, and the Quantity of Coals, Nezccaj/le Measure, annually consumed in each of the said islands,' as near as the same can be.computed, is as follows; that is to say, in Jerj'ey, 350 Chaldrons from Neiecastle, and 150 Chaldrons from Swansea in Wales', for 1000

Chaldrons from Newcastle, and 150 Chaldrons frond Wales; for Alderney and th 1 loChaldrons

from Newcastle, and 10 Chaldrons from; And

therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted in some Bill for allowing such Quantity of Coals to be exported to the said Islands of Jersey, Ouernjey, and Alderney, free from the said Duty laid by the said Act, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vol. 30.

A Bill for prohibit the Importation of Foreign Importation Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a Time to be limited,' wrought Was read a Second Time. ( Silks,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. > &c*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning riext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tloufe, upon the said Bill;

f -

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^eoetnu’ctn upon the Bill for redeeming One Third Part of the cttuui Remainder of the Joirit Stockbf Annuities, established nnuuie,‘ by an Act rpade iij the 3d.Te.ar of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several- Ifavy, Victualling, autl Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Coo/jer took |he Chafir -Of the Committee.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Cli^ir. ' '

Mr. Cooper reported fro pi the Committee, That they

had gone' through the Bill, and made several AniencL. ments theretuito which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the (nine.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow*

Morning.

the Order of the Day being read, for the House t0v . w resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and M«n* consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the.

Supply granted to His Majesty; .;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Corn Trade.

resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, to c^ou-fiderof the Report, which was made from the Committee,! appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto;

ReJ'olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

f " 1 i

The other Order of the Day being read; . - ,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the »

whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, cdonies? which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and, 3 iftDavs of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st ‘

Days of FebmarylaA, and upon the 3d Day of March

last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 ill Days of last, by

H is Majesty’sCommand.

Mr. Speaker' left the Chair. 1

Mr. Puller took the Chair of the Comtmttee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain . Mr. Puller reported from the Committee, That they

had made a farther Progress in the Mat ter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again*

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday ing next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers; wnicu were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary,

upon the 14th,'.£2d, 27th, 28th, and 3.1 ft OaysofT^0^ , ary last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17 th, and 21st Day9 of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March lait, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 10th, iqth, and 21st Days of Febrxtarff last,

Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the Lord (Jury.fort have Leave to maJk^t Way*,

ai Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eight of the Clpck. and

And he moved the House accordingly. That William

Wright

784

- — i Mali.

A. 17

Wright do, upon Friday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House,- to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jobis, ib die Mail;

Anno 6* Georgii Iri61 Regis, i 766.

Tou/neifens

Kat.

A

Prayers.

Petition of John James was presented

__ to the Hpufe, and read; fraying. That his

Name may be inserted in the Rill depending in the House for naturalising Peter Facon.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Rill be read a Second Time.

Kiogfthorpe Mr* Frederick Montagu reported from the Commit-. lodofum tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-, tnon Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lord ship of Kings-ihoipe, in the County of , was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Owners of about One hundred Acres of Land, lying in the fardFields, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but made no p&rticcpar Objections thereto; and that the Lands within the said Fields proposed to be inclosed confrit of upwards of 1200 Acres, exclusive of the Commons, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second 'Hme, One by One; and, upon the Questron severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Haffeltone

Irvelosure.

Ratcliff*

Culey

Iaclosure.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harlefione, in the County of , was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open C6m-man Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harlefione, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do1 carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Hatcliffe Culey, in the County of Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship hf Ratcliffs Cittey, in the County of

Ordered, That Mi*. Darker do carry the Bill to the Lords, add' defife their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Rill for dividing and inclosing the several t)jjen Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Ground within the Manor and Pdrilli of Corby, ill the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Oped Fields, Me'adowsj Pastures, and Waste Ground within the Manor and Pafilh of Corby, in the County o . Ordered, That Lord Brozonlozo Bertie do carry the

Rill to thb Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill so explain, ainend, dnd render inor'e efleftdal, the PoWeirs'of hh Act, tirade ill the Thirty-third Year Of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets’, Laifas, and railages, within the City of Lotidoh, and Liberties thereof, ami for opening certain new Streets and Ways Within the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, wai read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for Widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Railages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets arfd Way's Within the? fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Robctt Ladbtbke do carry the BilL

to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Burton, Esquire, and his I(sue, to bear and use the Surname and Arms of pur-

ftiant <0 the Will of John P/tU Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stephens, Mr. Lafkelles, Mr. Mr. Gilbert, Mr.-Lowndes, Sir Joseph Mazobey, Mr. Put erf on, Mr. Tuzon-

shend, Sir George Savile, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Darker, Mr. Dt'ake, Lortl Mr. Shiffher, Mr. 7Tatrlozo, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fonnereait,

Admiral Cotes, Lord North, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Mr. Hezoett, Mr. Plumer, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Befi, Mr Jackson, Sir Charles Saitnders, Mr. Hujke, Sir

John Gibbons, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mills; and all the Members who serve for the Coulities of Essex, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr Gilbertreported from the Committee, to whom

the. ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ’ the Sale and D’Hposition of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for providing an Equivalent of Compensation for the fame, to the Iffae inheritable under his Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Rnd that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed' to the fame; without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. from'

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton imported into

Evglcljid,

Cofbjr

lukioluie;

City of London; new StKedP

Burton

Name;

'ElLttca.

Arena*!*;

Canos.

6 Geo. III.

Expiring

Ltw»<

i° Mail. 785'

England, from Christmas 1764 to Christhias 1765; distin- fix, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

guishing the Places from whence the Dune was imported: of Parliament; is near expiring; and fit to be continued.

Andalfo, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton exported, froth That so much of an Act, made in the P/'ond Year of Christmas 176410 Christmas 1765; distinguishing the the Reign of his late Majesty Kin the Second,

Places exported to.. for the better Preservation of His Majeuv’s Woods in

And then he withdrew. America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. of Naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Iin-

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the portation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the Pre-toconsider further of the several Papers, which were miums upon Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, presented to the House, byMr. Secretary Conway, upon and Turpentine; which was to continue in Force, from the 14th, 22d,27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, the Twenty-ninth Day thousand Sercrt

and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 ill Days of February hundred and Twenty-nine, for the Term of Thirteen last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Par* Chaucellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and liament; and which, by several subsequest Acts, made 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command, in the Thirteenth, and Twenty-fourth Years of his said

late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, appointed Tv.enty-fist h Day of December, One thousa nd Seve n hurt*, to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and dred and Fifty-one, and from thence to the End of tlio to report their Opinion to the Hou fe, whichof them are then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another- -fit to be revived orcontinued; That the Committee had Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his inquired accordingly; and- had come to several Ilefolu- said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued, tions; which they had directed hirt: t-report to the until the Twenty-fifthDay of A/Vm7/, One thousand Severs House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* hundred and Fifty-eight; and which, by another At?'! > -

wards delivered it in «t the Cick’s fable: Where the made in the Thirty-second Y’ear of the Reign of his-laid Rel'olutions of the Conunittee were read; and are us fol- late Majesty, was further continued until the Twenty-, loweth; viz. fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next That a Clause in an Act, made in the N 111th and T'cni h Session of Parliament; is near expiring; and fit to be Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Witv em the continued.

Third, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade 10 Africa, ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for allowing, during alinited Time, u Drawback of the That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; late Majesty King George the Second, for encouraging tli£ and which Clause was to continue in Force for the Term Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in America 9 of Thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the which was to continue in Force from the Twenty- fifth then next Session of Parliament; and which Clause, after Day of , One thousand Seven hundred and Thi rtv-the Expiration thereof, was, by an Act made in the live, until the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand

Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, Seven hundred and Thirty-nine, and from thence to the revived and continued; and also a Proviso, in the last- End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, mentioned Act contained, that no Drawback should be by several subsequent Acts made in the Eleventh, Nine-allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as teenth. Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Yrears of his said had been, or shou Id be, imported from the East Indies and Iate Majesty’s Reign, was further continued from the Ex--the Coast of Barbaty only; and which laid Clause and piratron thereof until the Twenty-fourth Day of June Proviso, by several subsequent Acts, of the Thirteenth One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, and from Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

First, and of the Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fe- except such Part thereof, as relates to the Importation cond Y’ears of the Reignof his lute Majesty King George and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the the Second, werecontinued until the Twenty-fourth Day British Colonies and Plantations in America; is near ex-of June, One thousand Seveu hundred and Sixty-six, and piring; and fit to be continued.

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- - Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

liament; are near expiring; and fit to be continued. - an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of ha Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, late Majesty King George the Second, for the more eft'ec-That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of tual securing the Duties now payable on foreign-made the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this all foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining

Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchan- a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their firtt dizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver setting out to Sea, to be furnished with or»e complete-Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported. Set of Sails, made of British Sail Cloth j -which w®s to and for Importation of all Furs, of the Product of the continue in Force, from the Twenty-fourth Day of ?unc» British Plantations, into this Kingdom only, and that the One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, for the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages next Session of Parliament; and which, by Two fuble-and Colls of Suit; as relates to the Encouragement of tire quest Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and 1 hirty"second Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which was continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One to continue in Force for Three Years, from the Twenty- thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, and from thence fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is Twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then near expiring; and fit to be continued, next Session of Parliament; and which, by subsequent Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Acts, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his That so much of an Act, made in tire N ineteenth Year late Majesty King George the First, and in the Second, of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Tliirty- Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George committed in the Admeafnrement of Coals, within the the Seoond, hath been continued until the Twenty-fourth City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Port of the Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty- Duchy of adjoining thereto, and the several

V 01, 30. 9 O Parities

786 ' i° Mail. 1766.

Expiring Parishes of Sain IG iies in the Fields, Saint Mary Le BMr. Whiehcot, Mr. Mr. Mr.

and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holbaru, as , M r. Lord Sir George

lies in the County of Middlesex-, which was to continue Yonge, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Mellj/i, M r. Collet cm, in Force from the Twenty-fourth Day of September, Mr. Cholies Ilartly, Mr. Butter, Mr.

One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, for Three Garth, Mr. John; and »H the Gentlemen of the Years; and which, by Thoee subsequent Acts, made in Long Kobe; and all the Merchants in the Hoirfe: And the Twenty-third, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, of his said Majesty, was further continued to the Twenty- in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who eotne are fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and to have Voices.

Sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next '

Session of Parliament; as was not altered by an Act, Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act made in the Thirty-second Year of his said Majesty, in- for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of Washington tituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, Earl Ferrei's, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for fa-and making more effectual, an Act made in the Nine- tisfying the Incumbrances and Portions aflfeftrng the , teenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other

Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First committed in the Adraeafiirement of Coals, within Time.

the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part That the Bill be read a Second Time,

of the 1Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le The Lord Grey reported from the Committee, to

Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hoi- whom the Bill to make and maintain anavigabteCiit, or born, as jies in the County of Middlesex; and the said last- Canal, from the River Severn, at or near in the

mentioned Act; which was to continue in Force to the County of I Forever, through to

said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand Seven l&i, mid from thence to or near in the

hundred and Sixty-six, and from thence to the End of County of Stafford, was committed, That the Commit-the then next Session of Parliament; is and are near ex- tee bad exam iued the Allegations of the Bill, and found piring; and fit to be continued. the same to be true; and that the Committee had

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of thereunto, which they bad directed huh to report His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, the House; and he read the Report in h« Mace; and into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Time; which was to continue in Force from the 24th at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Day of June 1764, for the Term of One Year, and from Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-jnent; is near expiring; and fit to be continued. upon, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest

The Five First Resolutions of the Committee, being were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, severally read a Second Tame, were, upon the Question by the House.

severally put thereupon, pollponed. A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, te pre-

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being vent the Canal being carried on the feme Side of the severally rend a Second Time, were, upon the Question River with

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursu- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be ant to the two last of the said Resolutions, and which made Part of the Bill.

have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Ful- Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, ler and Mr. Shiffner do prepare, and bring in, the for preserving the Rights of Lords of Manors, fame. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider made Part of the Bill.

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts men- for preserving Copyhokt Rights, tioned in the Five First Resolutions of the said Com- And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the mittee, which have been potiponed. Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

made Part of the Bill.

General A Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts, the one Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, in- to prevent the erecting of Warehouses without the Con-’ tituled. An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of font of the Land Owners.

the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this King- And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the dom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be relating thereto, and the other passed in the Fifth Year of made Part of the Bilk

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Part Another Clause wap offered to be added to the BiH,

of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty declaring, that Satisfeftion for Damages may be made. King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render either in Gross, or by annual Rent, more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making made Part of the Bill.

further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads, Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, was read a Second Time. to authorise the taking down of Houses in the Town of

Refatved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fuller, Kidderminster, on account of the Canal.

Mr. Hnjke, Lord North, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Hewett, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

bert. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Nesbitt, Lord Grey, Mr. made Part of the Bill.

Alderman Beckford, Lord Burgherfh, Mr. Ryder, Sir Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, George Savile, Mr. Archer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ward, Sir for making the Tonnage Rates equal throughout the

Edward Winningtou, Sir John Gibbons, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Navigation.

Lowndes, Sir William Beauchamp ProStor, Mr. Burred, And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; Mr. Fitzherbert, Colonel Howe, Mr -Foley, Sir Joseph which being filled up, the fold Clause was, upon the 12 Question

Earl

Fener*

EJUtts;

Bewdtey

Canal.

D*ft ford, fce. Road.

City of

Londo a vPa*in£# Re.

Higtj Price of Provisiont.

6 Gf.o. III.

Matt.

787

gate Market, by which Means the Butqherscould get none but from him.

Mr. Joseph Cooper,a Tallow ChatfdleE, confirmed Mr. Heath's Evidence, with respect to the Price 01 Provisions.

Mr. Thomas Boys, being examined, said, That he is a Slieep Salefinan, an.d fells.fat Cattle abSjnitlifiddby Commission: — That the general Complaint among the Farntt-ers in the Country is, that when they want Hqgtheep and Sterlings, and lean Beads, in the Spring of the Year, and go to Market to buy them, they find thetnall in the Hands of the Jobbers: — That there is not One in Ten, but what are sold to the Jobbers, by the breediii Farmer, before they come to Market, by which Means they are in a few Hands, who supply the Markets astUe.y please, and raise the Price to the Grazier Twenty Shillings in Ten Pounds: — That he has known One Jobber bring a thousand Sheep to Bvston Market in /fare in that MannerThat the Grazier can {ell to the Butcher in Smith field full as well as the Jobber, by-Means of the DroverThat he apprehends the Laws in being, to restrain Jobbers, are ineffectual.

Mr. John Yarborough, a Grazier, near i>n Z.2«_

colnjhirr, being examined, said, That the Jobbers buy lean Sheep of the Breeders, found and unfoand, mgr them and bring them to Market in great Numbers, set a high Price on them, as the Feeders have no whore to buy but of them, and at such Price as the Jol>laer pleases to set upon them: That the Advantage would be great to the Breeder, tobring their own Stock to Market, as they would fell for more to the Grazier than to the Jobber, though they would come cheaper to the&xaacier than now from the Jobber; those few who have healfcbjr Sheep and bring them to Market, find it so.

Mr. John Welling, being examined, said. That the Jobbers enhance the Price of lean Cattle; they go to Farmers Houses to buy Cattle of them, and then take them to Fairs and Markets; and what are near 'Town, are bought at the Third or Fourth Hand-

Mr. Thomas Topham, Innkeeper and Grazier, at Har-net, being examined, said. That he frequents Fairs, and when he goes there, he finds the Cattle are bought in by the Jobbers, and he cannot get One in Ten from the Breeders: That he imagines the Difference in the Price; by this Means, is Ten Stallings in Five Pounds.

Mr. Thomas W(fion>being examined, laid. That he keeps a large Grazing Farm in — That in the

North more than One Half of the lean Cattle are in the Hands of the Jobbers, who buy them from the Farmer and Breeder, and carry them to Fairs, so that the Grazier is'obliged to buy them of the Jobber \ and, the Witness said, he has gone to the Breeder, but could not get above One Half the Cattle he wanted, a«d has been obliged to have them from the Jobbers: — 'That many Jobbers who have no Land of their own, buy lean Cattle, and contract with the Breeder to take them away at a certain Time.according to the nextFair or kXarlcet Day-In this Manner they go about the Country, and gat to the Farmers before other People can, and possess thernfeWe* of more than Half the Market; that the Rife of Pr0* visions is greatly owing to this Practice with. respecto lean CattleThat the Witness has given Ten ShilBbS5 in £. 5 more than the Prime Colt which the J ohber gave» that he gave lately Ten Shillings a-piece for Five Cows, more than the Jobber gave to the Breeder, who was his

Qudlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen.Farmers, and others, living in and near Shoreham, in the County of Kant, whose N ames are thereunto subscribed, was presented tQ the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering several Hoads leading

to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent; and

that Power is given in the said Bill, for shutting up and discontinuing a certain Road leading through Lulling-fione Park, towards Shoreham, which, the Petitioners ap-

prehend, will be very injurious to them, and several othgrs: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill, or that they may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in mvour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Robert Ladbroke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof

/and for preveutingOJ>stru6tions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed;That the Committee had examined the Air legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'6 Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was difegreedto, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ba ingrossed.

Sir George Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto fub-feribea, on behalf of themselves and others; and also the

Petition of the Inhabitants of Spittlefields, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselvesand many others; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foHoweth; viz.

Mr. Thomas Heath, Agent for Salesmen, being examined, said. That he attends Southfield Market-,that he ' __________, __________

has formerly bought Veal for i\d. and 3 d.per Pound; own Tenant; that buying lean Cattle dear, fat Cattle but that the Price is now 5 d.and 5 {d.per Pound: — mull of course fell dearer, though he thinks the Price That he has bought Beef.formerly for 2 2d. a Stone; of fat Cattle has not increased to the Butcher quite in the but it is now is. and 4^. a Stone/That he has bought Proportion beforementioned, but he thinks about/. 5 Mutton formerly for is. id. a Stone; but it is now 3.*-. per Cetit. the other /. 5 per Cent. $he\Vitness attributes a Stone: Pork used to be bought for is- or is. and id. to the advanced Rent of Lands; that if the (Crazier could a Stone; but it is now jr. and 4^. a Stone: That he buy of the Farmer, it would save the Expence of the apprehends the Increase in the Price of such Provisions, middle Man; that if the middle Man takes Ten Shillings is owing to the Jobber, who buys Cattle at one Market, out of 5, Land mull let for so much less, for and fells them again at another: — That he knew one wife the Farmer could afford to give more; that if lean Jobber only buy up Two Thirds of the Meat at New- Cattle were not fold but in open Fair or Market, and the Vol. 30. Bute

’ftOvitoM,

788

Mail.

A 17 6

Hljh Butcher bought no fat Cattle, but what he hilled him-

froyifion*. '^A'the Breeder by felling his own Cattle in open Mar* ket, would get£. 1 oper Cent, which the Jobber now gets, and the Grazier would gain in Proportion; or if Farmers were allowed to kill their own fat Beasts, and bring them Slaughtered to Market, it would be a great Ad* vantage to them and the Public; but at present Jobbers, who nkve no Land of their own, buy Cattle of all Sorts from the Fanner, and take them in great Quantities to Fairs hearer London, where they fell them again to other Jobbers, and these fell them again to the Grazier, by which Practice they are bought and sold several Times over; and on each Sale every Jobber has a Profit, and the Public is greatly injured.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being, against Engrossers and Foreflallers of Cattle and other Provisions: And that Sir George Mr. Ryder,

and Mr. Serjeant Hewitt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Wilfea ferry The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act a the Trent for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Mersey River Trent, at or near WildenFerry, in the County of Derby,

--Ti to the River MerJey, at or near Gap, without

imy Amendment: And also,

Paribas* The Lords, have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Messuage, and late DifTolved Prioiy,.of Ryegale, in the County of Surrey, and also of several Freehold and Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditamentsjn the Counties of Surrey scaASiiffex, late the Estate of Sarah Parson Widow, deceased, for raising Money to difctfarge Incumbrances affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hpufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

f Supply Bill; Ordered, That "M.T.Pate do make the Report from

Redemption t^e Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Aiuatlter- ^or redeeming One Third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, was committed.

Mr. Paterson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made'to the Bill; and which they haddirested to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Corn Trade. . Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, appointed to consider of the State of the Com Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2° d

Anno 6* Georgii III,n Regis, 1760. f.

Prayers.

M

R. Gwynne reported from the Committee, to Karf' whom the ingrossed Bill from' the Lords, intilu-.. £°, W1V

- - - -- - - - " — - Eihtot-

led, An Act for vesting the Mansion House " of the Earl.. and Countess of Powis, in Albemarle now settled.,

on them and their Ifl’no, in Trustees, to sell the same',: and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of I^mds and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed. That the Committee had " examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found th£ . same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwynne Ao carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord Brotcnloiv Bertie reported from the Committee, Kculethorp*

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open luc oiure. Lands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in in the Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined thp Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true.; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William Stow, Esquire, who is entitled to 12 Acres of.

Land, and also to one Cottage Right, a\id to 26 Acres of Old Inclosure, which has Common Right, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the

Whole of the Fields intended to be inclosed, is 333 Acres, the whole Number of Cottage Rights is 30, and the whole of the Old Inclosure entitled to Common Right, is 1231 Acres; and that no Person appeared be-; fore the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report.hi -his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom Humber the Bill for taking down and removing certain Light- Lighthmifee honfea, now (landing upon the SpurnPoint, at the Mouth *

of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient l>urn om Lighthouses instead thereof; and for other Purposes; was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Con-fable, of Burton Constable, in the County of York, Esquirej was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except John Angell, Esquire, who is possessed of Three Fourths of the Property in the said Lighthouses; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: And afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that John Angell, of Ditto.

Stockxvell, in the County of Surrejj, Esquire, who, upon

the

6 Geo. IH.

Mail.

'* S’

y ' X

7*9

the 15th Day of April last, petitioned this House, pray- be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Onen and ing to be heard, by his Cotmfel, against the said Bill, Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Common Pastures, Common Grounds,. Heaths, and Table, until, the Report should be received from the Waste.Lands, or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Townfty.p Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; and of Ryton, otherwise , in the Parish of

that the Petitioner should be then heard, by his Counsel, in the County of Warwick.

kgainst the said Bill, if he should think ut; desired to Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Third Reading thereof;

Then the said Report was read. An ingrafted Bill to amend an Act, made in the last

And the Amendments, made by the Committeeto the Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, several Laws relating to the Manufacture of \voo!len upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amend- Cloth, in the County of York; and also so much f merits to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said John Angell be heard, by his

Counsel, again*! the said Bill, upon his said Petition, at the Third Reading of the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the said John Angell.

Ordered, That the said Bill be rend the Third Time, upon Wednesday Morning next, if the saul Bililhall be then ingrafted.

Cloth

Miuiuinhute.

4e-

veral other Law's, as prescribes particular Suudards, of Width and Lepgth of such Woollen Cloths, and for fhbftituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, w i thin the West Riding of the said County, for prevent it, o-Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, anti ror preserving the Credit of the faiu Manufacture at the Foreign Market; W'as read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were Severally prop ofe-tl to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.

7-

I.

P.

1.

l5-

Irime-worlc

knitted

Goods

Mmjuuta&ory.

Mnckley

Corner,

See.

&oad.

Colonel Ilowe reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to prevent the fraudulent m&rking of Frame-work-knitted Manufactures, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be Fe-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Land Owners and Inhabitants in

26. To leave out " and denoting the 'NT*.1 briber of Inches in Breadth."

After " such," to infect " Searcher Measurer."

t 35. After " such," to insert " Searcher Measurer.". ,t

1. 36. After " such," to insert " Searcher, Measurer."

P. 16.I. 17. After " Inspector," to infeit " who last measured the fame."

P. 25. 1. t. After " the," to insert " Searchers, Measurrs."

And the fiiid Amendments were, upon the Ciueftioot severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Ann that the 'Title be. An Afttoamendan Act, madein the left Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repeal ing several Law s plating to the Manpfacture of Woollen Cloth in t ho County of York; and affo so much of several other Law s, as pre-feribes particular Standards of Wid'h and Length of fitch Woollen Cloths, and for fnbftituting other he< illations of the Cloth Trade, within the eft Riding of.

the several Parishes of Darlaston, WiUenhall , and Hamlet the said County, for preventing Frauds in certify in;- the of Bloxwich, in the County of Stafford, and Places a,dja- Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of

cent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Road, from Muckley Corner, to WalJa and and to

Iseigh Brook, and Ocher Hill, and from Toll End, to Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley T11 nip ike Road, and from M , to the H alfultam i Wolverhampton Roand from Church Bridge,

the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

Ordered, That Mr. Lafcellcsdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be gn fnstruction to’ the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill,' or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions which were

Expiring

Laws.

to Bloxwich Chapel, and to Barn Hales, and to the Bridge Yesterday reported from the Committee, who were ap-

in Waijallaforesaid; and felting forth, That it would be

of great Use to the Public, if a Road was made from the Bridge in WulJ'allaforesaid, over the Lands of the Right

howomahietheCountthoCMonti'athfRirhardPeiJehau/e, Esquire, and Samuel Corbrtt, Gentleman, and along

well Street, to ‘ ' ~ ....

minghamand

ftcep, and, infrofty Weather, very dangerous and difficult to pass: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for repairing and widening the said Roads; ih' such Marnier as to the House Oia.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

pointed to inquire what Laws are expired,1 or near piring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; as were agreed to by the House; that they do malce l?rovision in Jne

said Bill, of in One of the said Bills, for

vi// m aiuiig lain mjv/i m vuvi ui tuu xatu uii

the presentTurnpike Road leading to Bir- Times limited for executing and performing several ro-Tamworih, the present Road being very visions. Powers, and Directions, irr any Act, or Ac >0

this Session of Parliament.

Ryton’

i’closure.

Mr. Whiticorffi reported from tire Cotnmitteg. whom the Bill for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for clean (lug, lighting’, and watching the.

__________ Sq*iares, Streets, Lanes, and otherPlu.oes, tyithinthe Parish

of S George the Martyr, and so much of thy l*arish of An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Saint Andrew’s, Hcfbourh^ in the Coun as

and Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Mean is above, the Bara, was committed , That the Committee doivs, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heaths', and had examined the Allegations of the Hill, and found the Waste Lands, or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Townlhrp feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone cf Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkington,’through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time. unto, which they had directed him to report io the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title House;' and he read the Report in his Place; and a 1 ol. 30. 9 P terwarefo

to St. Andrew’*

Hulbouru, Streets,

fcc.

*' Mail

Supply Bill; Redemption of certain Annuities.

Regulating Apprentices, lee.

American

Colonies.

790

A. 17 66.

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for redeeming One Third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for redeeming One Third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Ordered, That Mr. PaterJ'on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better regulating Apprentices and Articled Journeymen, employed in the several Trades and Manufactures within this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 35. After "Potters," to insert "Labourers."

Pr. 3. 1. 8. After " Potter," to leave out " or

other;" and after "Labourer," to insert " or other Person."

1. 20. After " Potter," to leave out " or other;" and after "Labourer," to insert " or other Person."

1. 28. After " Potter," to leave out " or other;" and after "Labourer," to insert " or other Person."

1. 35. After " Potter," to leave out " or other;" and after " Labourer," to insert " or other Person."

1. 39. After " Artificer," to insert " Callico Printer."

Pr. 4. 1. 1. After "Potter," to leave out "or

other;" and after "Labourer," to insert " or other Person."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for better regulating Apprentices, and Persons working under Contraft.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That Doctor Mitchell do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conwayupon the 14 th, 2 2d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and a ift Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That Reefion Lons, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same 'time.

Ordered, That Richard A Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That JoknSerocold, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Bindley, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wright do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Balfour do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Collett, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Maitland, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same 'Time.

Ordered, That Alexander Hume, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Dunbar, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Irwin, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same 'Time.

Ordered, That James Carr, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Mills, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Mills, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Robert Maitland, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Alexander Maitland, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That David Evans, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Bill for empowering the Commissioners for putting Westminster in execution the several Acts passed, for paving, cleans- Paving, ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminst and Parts adjacent, to collect further Tolls, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Refolted, That the Bill be committed to Mr. herbert, Mr. Robinson, Lord George Sackville, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Fane, Mr. Harris, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Paterson, Sir Jarrit Smith, Sir Joseph Mawbey,

Mr. Ciift, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Grey, Mr.

Edmonfone, Mr. Coventry, Mr. San Mr. Fonnereau,

Lord North, Mr. Upton, Mr. Town Mr. Wilson, Mr. JVhichcot, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Grey, Mr. LafceUes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Birt,

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr.

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir George Savile, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Onjloio, General Honeywood, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Butler-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey,

Kent, Essex, Hertford, Bucks, and Suffix: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come are to have Voices.

The House was moved, that the Fifth of the Resolu- Supply; tions, which, upon the 15th Day of February salt, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved , That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred Twenty-one Pounds Fourteen " Shillings and Ten Pence, and One Eighth of a Penny,

" be granted to His Majesty, out of the Monies, or " Savings, remaining of the Grant in the last Session of " Parliament, for defraying the Charge of Three Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised for His Majesty’s Service, on the Coast of Africa, and for " Provisions for the fame, for the Year One. thousand " Seven hundred and Sixty-five, towards maintaining " His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations " and Africa, indudingthofe in Garrison at Minorca and " Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North

" America,

6 Geo. III.

Mail.

791

'* America, Nova Scotia, New Gibraltar, the " Ceded I (lands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six."

The Hotife was also moved, that the Second of the Refutations, which, upon the 13th Day of March lull, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Tlis Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might he read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-four

" thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds " Fourteen Shillings, be granted to Mis Majesty, out " of the Monies or Savings arising from the Pay of the " I and Forces in the Hands of the Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty'*

*" Lund Forces, and other Services incurred to 24th " Day of January 1766, and not provided for by " Parliament."

The House was also moved, that the Fourth of the Resolutions, which, upon the 27th Day of March last, were teported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the house, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth , viz.

" Resolved, That the Sum of One thousand One " hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings, remaining uuiflued of the Monies granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Use of the said Hospital, be granted to His Majesty, upon account, towards further enabling the said Governors and " Guardians to maintain and educate the said Children " during the said Time; and that such Sum be also " issued and paid, without Fee or Reward, or any " Deduction whatsoever."

The House was also moved, that the Four First of the Resolutions, which, upon last, were reported

from the Committee of the whole Hogse, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Re/blved., That the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer,

" which \\&« granted to His Majesty in the last Session " of Parliament, upon account, for defraying the " Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for " One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1765,

" be issued and applied towards raising the Supply " granted to His Majesty in this Session of Parliament."

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One " hundred and Eighty-one thousand Pounds, of the " Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between " His Majesty and the French King, concluded and ligned at London, the 27th Day of February 1765,

" for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of " War, be applied towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty."

" Itefolved, lliat such of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of " Parliament, and as shall be paid into the said Receipt on or before the 5th Day of April 1767, of the Produce of the Duties charged by an Act made in the " last Session of Parliament, upon the Importation and " Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be " issued and applied towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty."

" Resolved, That a Sam, not exceeding Sixty thou-

" fund Pounds, of such Monies remaining in the Re-VOL. 30.

" ceipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parlia- 5uP!*T*

" ment, and as shall be paid into the said Receipt on or " before the 5th Day of April 1767, of the Produce of " such of the Duties granted, or continued, by an Act " made in the 4th Year of His Majesty’s Reign, as were " thereby reserved to be disposed of by Parliament,

" towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protesting, and securing the Colonies and

" Plantations in America, be applied towards making " good the Supply granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the " Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in " North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the " Ceded Islands, for the Year 1766."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 21st Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con-, fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup. ply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may hare Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday ^Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the T . House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mP<^aUo" House, upon the Bill to prohibit the Importation of WrmctHSiiu, Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a Time to be kc‘ limited;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to extend certain Provisions made by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent " unlawful Combinations of Workmen, employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment

" their Wages," to Workmen employed, in the Suk Manufactures.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the !, and made several Amendments thereunto; which directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message

Plevdcl!’*

Eliaies.

Gcaml

Warrants.

Parson’s

EAatc.

St ret ham Drainage, tec.

A Meffitge from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Cudden:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund Morton PleydcU, Esquire, in the Count ies of York and , in Truf-

tees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Lies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew:

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain the issuing of any Warrant for feizingPapers, except in the Cafes of Treason or Felony without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And be moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned tijl Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luries^ 5® d Maii;

Anno 6* Geer'gft IIP1 Regis, 1766".

Prayers.

ffOHN James 'tourneifen took the Oaths appointed, J in order to his Naturalisation.

An irtgrofled Bill from the' Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Messuage, and late Dif-solved Priory, of Rycgale, in the County of Surrey, and also of several Freehold and Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Suffer, late the Ellote of Sarah Parsons, Widow, deceased, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles MordauntJS\r. DrakeiNlr.Sandys, S\rArm

Mr. Ward, Lord Coleraine, Mr. , Mr. Bat'd,

Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Forrefi Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Hlot, Mr. Houblon, Admiral Colonel Hence,

Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Wilfoh, Lord , Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Fonn&remu, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr.

Lajcellis, Mr. Dt Grey, Sir William Bcauthamp Proctor, Lord Buxgherfh, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

T.ufnell, Mr. Toucket, Nlr. Ctift, Mr. Lord George

Sackville, Lord North, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Fuller and all the Members who serve for the Conn-ties of Surrey, Sussex, Middlesex, Kent, Essex, and Southampton: And they are to sheet this Aftetnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill fordraining and preserving Stretham Common, in the Parish of Stretham, in the of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for the building of a Bridge oyer the River Ouze, between the said’Comtribn, and other Commonable Fed Lands in the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act fordraining and preserving Stretham Common, irt the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for impowering the Commissioner* for putting in 18

Mail. 17 66.

execution an Act for the effectual draining and Preservation of Waterbcach Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, to raise a Sum of Money to pav the Debts owing upon the Credit of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir John I Cotton do carry tha- Bill to the Lords, atnd desire their Concurrence:

A Petition of Sir John S' Baronet, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Sir s William Morrice, late of t Perrin i.i the County of

Devon, Baronet, deceased, made Ins lafi Will and Testament, in Writing, dated on or about the 5th Day of cember 1744, and thereby devised all his Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Stake Da-merell, in the County of Devon, after the Determination of aTerm of 200 Years, unto the Petitioner his Nephew, for his Life, Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, during his Life, in Trull, to preserve the contingent Remainders therein after limited; and after his Death, unto the First and every other Son of his Body fuceeffively in Tail Male, Remainder to Son

of Sir John Molesworth, and Nephew to the said Testator, for his Life, and after his Death, to his First and every other Son, foeceflive!y in Tail Male, Remainder to liam Molesworth, Second Son to Sir John

and to his Sons successively in Tale Male, with the Re- mainder or Reversion in Fee to the Right Heirs of the Testator; in which said Will is contained a Proviso, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Sir John St. Aubyn, during his Life, to lease any Part of the Premises, situate in the said Parish of Stoke merell, which had usually been letten upon Fines, upon the Terms in the Petition mentioned; and that the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy have, on the Behalf and for the Service of His Majesty, lately proposed to the Petitioner, to take a Lease ofa parcel of Waste Ground, lyw’g n°ar His Majesty’s Dock Yard, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell aforesaid, for a Term of Twenty-one Years, at 1 lie Yearly Rent of Sixty Pounds; and by Articles of Agreeme bearing Date the' 16th Day of February 1765, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the Principal Officers Rnd Commissioners of the Navy, for and on the Behalf of His Majesty, on the One Part, and the Petitioner of the other Part, after taking Notice, that the said Principal Officers and Commissioners had ' ntered into a Treaty with the Petitioner, for a Lease of the said Parcel

j T

of Ground, therein particularly mentioned and described; hut that, the same not being within the Power of Leafing vested in the Petitioner, by virtue of the Will of the said Sir William Morrice, if was agreed between the

Parties to the said Articles, that the Petitioner should, with1 cdf convenient Speed, apply for, and endeavour to obtain, an Act of Parliament, to enable the Petitioner to grant a Lease of the Premises, upon the Term, and subject to the Rent, Reservations, Covenants, and Agreements therein nfentioned; and that the carrying the aforesaid Proposal into execution, would be of great Utility to the Principal Officers of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Service of His Majesty, and for the Benefit of the Public; and also for the Advantage of the Petitioner, and all other Persons in Remainder, entitled to the Ground and Premises so' proposed to be leased, tinder the Will of the said Sir William Morrice; yet fitch Proposal cannot be carried into execution, for the Purpose aforesaid, without the Aid of Parliament: -And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hewett and Sir Anthony Abdy do prepare, and bHng in, the fame.

An

Sir Jofcn

t. Aubya’s Estates-

Southwark

Paring.

Westnimfter

Paving.

Tunbridge

to

Maid ft one Rood.

Adderbury

Iaclosure.

6 Geo. III.

Mail.

791

An ingrossed Hill for paving the High Street, Part of to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Kent Streetaiid White Street, in the Borough of South- Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-

te ark, and Parish of Newington, in the County of Surrey; veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and him to report to the House; and he read the Report m also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, adjoining his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Streets; was read the Third Time. Report was read.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the And the House being informed, that some other Bill, by way of Ryder, to oblige the Commissioners for Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; the Western Division to pave the High Street with flat That the said Bill be re-committed.

Stones. That the said Bill be re-committed to the

And the said Clause was Twice read. Committee, to whom the same was committed.

And a Motion being made. That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lafcelles reported from the Committee, to wliorn the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields. Commons, or Wafie Grounds, situate, lying, and being-within the Manors of Afion and Wales, in the County York, was committed. That the Committee had exa.-A Bill for putting the Road from Clarges Street, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Ilydc Park Comer, and from the South Find of Park to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Pa- their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the rish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Committee; and that the Committee had gone throuo-h Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for re- the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto -pairing the Roads in the Parishes of Keijington, Chefea, which they had directed him to report to the House -Fulham, and Saint Georgc, Hanover Square, in the County and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Afion and Waks Inclosurf.

of Middlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in was

read a Second Time.

lief lived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Holt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tuf-

nell, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Paterson, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Colonel Hoioe, Mr. Mr. Lord

Grey, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Mr. Mr.

Lufeelles, Lord North, Mr. Gilbert, Lord Coleraine, Mr.

the

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the fnjft

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to Committee, to whom the same was committed.

the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jackson, Lord Howe, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Francis for vesting in Trustees. the fi ttled of

Vincent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Barrow, Sir John Hynde ton, Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold. Cotton, Mr. Cust, Lord Cary fort, Sir Charles Mordaunt, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions afiefti^S M r. Gore, Mr. Edrnonftone, Mr. Tozvn/hend, Mr. Hajke, the same and the rest of his settled F.states and for Air. Dyson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gascoyne, Kir. other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second

Burrell, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Bigby, Sir Edward Turner, Time.

Air. Henniker; and all the Members who serve for the That the Bill he committed to Air. FH'Z"

Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Fftsex, Kent, and Sussex: herbert, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Grey, Mr. X.etoi> Sir R"' and for the Cinque Ports; And they are to meet this bert Ladbroke, Mr. Mr. Air Paterjern,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Lord Lord Howe, Afr. Sir John

Earl

Ferrer’*

fciiates*

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Hoad from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Watfs Crofsto Ccwden, in the County of so far as

the same relates to the Road from Maid-

stone, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts

Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the fame relates to the Road from Tunbridge to

Ordered, That Mr. Whitwort hdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

_ ___ John

Cotton, Colonel Howe, Mr. Jac, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Sullivan y Nlr. Bacon, Mr. Montague, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Willoitghby, Air- Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Coventry y IS7! r. Burrell, Nlr Parker, Mr. Ilopkins, Mr. PrxfeCciynpUellftAr.

Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. Holt, Mr. Air. Calvert

Air, Barrow, Mr. Hunt, Lord Sty-ange, Mr. Touched Afr. Harris, Mr. Houblon; and all -the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Derby, JGcictJler, Stafford, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Town of in the n eald of

Kent., through Charing, to join -the Turnpike Road, which leads from Afford to Fever/fiam, at a Place called Bound Gate, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass = And that the Title be. An Act for amending and "widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the TV'ecxld of Kent, through

— ..... — j----- — ..... — — the Towns of and to join

AAderbury Eastfeld, Coa/Jicld, Adder buryWeftfeld, Mil- pike Road which leads from at a

tonfield, and JioddicotfuUd, and of several other odd Pieces Place called Bound Gate.

Ordered, That Mr. Bejt do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Biddenden,

&c.

Road*.

Mr. Charles Toicnfiendreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Pa rish of Adderbur?/, in the County of Oxford, commonly called and known by the several Names of

of Open or Commonable Land, adjoining or belonging to the fame, or otherwiseufed therewith, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

An ingrossed Billfordividingr» and

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Yol. 30. 9 ’Parish.

Cottinghdnz Inch fare.

Pleydell’s

Eitalcs.

Facon’s

Nat.

CharlefTon’s

Nat.

IJttlc

Kllingham

IndoTure.

794 50 Mail. A* 176(5*

Parish of Coifiiigham, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 40. 1. 25. After " Mctha," to insert "his Heirs " and Assigns."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Hiding of the County of

York.

Ordered, That Mr. Tuffiiell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund Morloji Plnjdell, Esquire, in the Counties of York and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Facon, -was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fon-nereau. Lord Coleraine, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Bacon, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Shifner, Mr. worth, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. hend. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Milks, Mr.

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vane,

Lord Grey, Mr. Parker, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Mr.

Grey, Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord

Carr/fort, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Bef, Sir Joseph Matvbey, Mr. Leicis, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Parker, Mr.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John James Toumeifen, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Laurence Charleffbn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. nercau. Air. Vane, Mr. Shiftier, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fulkr, Mr. Staun-

ton, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Tmcnjheiul, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Paterson, Mr. PSir Thomas,

Sir Joseph Maxvbey, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hujke,

Lord Grey, Mr. Buller, Mr. Coventuy, Mr. Grey, Lord Cokraine, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Bun-ell, Sir Brook Brydges, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Touchet, Mr. Cuf, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fitzherbert, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Eames, lklr.Houblon, S\rWilliam Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir John Palmer, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Tracey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little lingham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, And found the same to be true; and that

the Parties Concerned had given their Con font to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Philip Theodrick, who is possessed of Four Pounds per Annum within the said Parish, who refilled to sign the Bill, unlel’s every Proprietor had an equal Allotment; and that the whole Lands within the said Parillran: valued at£.59cpjier Annum-, and no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and -that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Yv here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ATr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Gooch’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ktwic*. to enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, ami his Sons Thomas Gooch, William Gooch, and J Gooch, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sonsduring their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Waand to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and a making a Church Yard, and to exchange lb me Lands there, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tnc Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 20. After "the" insert " Patron, and."

24. After " are" insert " or hereafter " may be."

The said Amendments being severally rear! a Second Time, were, upon the Question feve'rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Colonel Howe reported from the Committee, to whom Framework the Bill to prevent the fraudulent Marking of Frame- Knitted work Knitted Manufactures, was re-committed. That Goods the Committee had made several other Amendments to M"uuf'^,orJ* the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, w'ith Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, City-of and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties London thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoy- ^av*nS> &c. ances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 5. To lc-ave out " such Streets to be " paved with the Stone known by the.

" Name of W Quarry Stone, or " with Stone of a Hat Surface."

Pr.

6 Geo. III. 5' Mail

795

Pr. 68. 1. 2. After "Pound," to insert "orPond."

And the Question being put, That the Words proofed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the other Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better paving, deanfing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof. Was filled up by the Clerk, at the Table.

Earl

Brtadalbanet

Exchange.

Preventing

Robbery.

Newcastle Co#l Trade.

Rochdale

to

Halifax

Road.

Wareharn

Road*.

High Bridgej,

ice.

Road.

Carlton and Kimberley In cloture.

Barnet by inclosure.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands of man and Lir, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Brea dal -bmie, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth, without

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fil’d, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of " Felons, and uulawful Exporters of Wool, and for.declaring the Law, upon some Points, relative to Pi- rates," to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act. relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the I.aws for restraining Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of W,areham, and in Purbeck, in the County of DorJ'et, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane, to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for div iding and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kimberley, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Bametby upon the fVoulds, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the

VOL. 30.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- ay* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing * the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth and 1. enth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Third, intituled, "An Act to settle the Trade to " Africa," for allowing, during a limited Time, a Draw-

back of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported, and which Clause was to continue in force for the Term of Thirteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Clause, after the expiration thereof, was, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her jesty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and also a Proviso, in the last mentioned Act Contained, that n0 Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as had been or should be im_ ported from the East Indies and the Coast of liar-bar y only; and which said Clause and Proviso> several subsequent Acts, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma jolly King George the First and of the Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fe#'0nt[

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George t[le Second, were continued until the Twenty-fourth L)av of June 1766, au<l from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring; and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George* the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of 'this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Mer-chandises exported, and for reducing the lYuties up«rt Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs* imported, and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only, anC* that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on anyStt'ts brought on their Policies, shall be liable* only to fu'S^e Damages and Costs of Suit, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchandises exportec*’ which was to continue in force for Three Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made: in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty- ICing George the First, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George t\\e Second , hath been continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of yune 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session 61 Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second,

for the better preservation of his Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotl as relates to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits. Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, which was to continue in force, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1 7 29, for the Term of Thirteen Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth find Tweii^fou Year* of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of December175 ail(j thence to the End of the then next bellion Qf pa > ment; and which by another Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his laid lute Majesty^ ,v!,s*

Ways mud Means.

796 £ Maii.

amended, ami further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1758; and which, by another Act, made in t he Thirty-feeond Year of the Reign of his said late Majeliv, was further continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of Jane 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to continue in force from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1735, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations

in America; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-mafic Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with One complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in force, from the 24th Dav of June 1746, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by Two subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1766, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Liberty be granted to export Coals from Great Britain to the Islands of GuernfJerJey, and Alderney,

annually, free of the Duty laid upon all Coals exported, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on the Exportation of Coals, and of several " East India Goods, and upon Policies of Insurance; for " retaining, upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Mullins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the " Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with " respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by " Two former Acts;" in the following Proportions; videlicet, to GuernJ'ey, any Quantity of Coals not exceeding One thousand Chaldrons, Measure, from the Port of Neiccajtle, and One hundred and Fifty such Chaldrons from the Port, of Sicanfeato Jersey, any Quantity of Coals not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty such Chaldrons, from the Port of Nezvcajtle, and One hundred and Fifty from the Port of; to

Alderney, any Quantity of Coals not exceeding One hundred and Ten such Chaldrons, from the Port of Neiocajtle, and Ten from the Port of

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, w’ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the Five first of the said Resolutions, and which Rave been agreed to by tlje House': And that Mr. Pa-lerson and Mr. Fuller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Beauchamp Pro£tort according to Order,.

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Iiejolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution several Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending several Roads, in the Counties of Surrey and Suffix, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, impowering the Commiflkmers for putting in execution the Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lancs, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect fur-

ther Tolls, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the granting further Tolls to be collected on the Surrey Roads, towards paving the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, of the City of Westminster, will be extremely injurious to the Petitioners, as they will lessen the'Produce of the Tolls, under their Management, on the Credit of which a large Debt is now owing; that the paying such additional Tolls, will be extremely burthensome to the Huflbandmen, Gardeners, and others going to Wt Jter, who already pay Two different Tolls, within Two Miles of Westminster Bridge: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Counties of Surrey and Suffer, and that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts pafl'ed for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to col-

left further Tolls, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Subject, by taking away the summary Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of the Excise, and Justices of the Peace, in all Cases where a Penalty of £. 500 may be recovered, or corporal Puniflnnent may be in-flifted, or Sentence of Imprisonment may be awarded, for Offences committed against the Laws of Excise, and by restoring, in such Cases, the Trials by Juries, and by better regulating the Trial of Informations for Penalties inflicted by the said Laws;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers

Importation

of

Wrought

Silks,

Surrey

and

S,nffc<

Road*.

Excise Laws!.

OcwipI

Warrants.

Amenra;

Indemnity

for

Unftarr.Kd

Paper.

American

Coluaics.

Way*

and Means.

A»T>erirr.n

Colonies,

6 Geo. III.

.. , e, ... (Mr.

Icl..«forthc1«%{Mr,jenkjujba:

n. r.. x- {Mr. Solicitor General, 7 1 d'*:rs for the Nocs> j Mr. fuller: 5 95-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion Wing made, That the Bill to restrain the ifiiiing of any Warrant for seizing Papers, except in the Cafes of Treufon, or Felony without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations, be now read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now rend.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrolling, or print ing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act pafl’edlaft Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America;and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrofiings, and Printings, wrote, in-grorted, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon Unstamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or thall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, upon the said Bill.

The House,1 according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, v\ such were prel’ented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Come ay, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 3 ill Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17 th, and 2:ft Days of last, and upon tive 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, igth, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Puller reported from the Committee, That they

had examined One other Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he Vvas directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. ';

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, xoth, 19th, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except der Hume, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, To-uiorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty;

Rejvlved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Burt have Leave 'to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the.Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That John Majestry, Esquire, do,* To-mor-rou Morni ng, at t end the Committee of the whole House,

50 — 6° Mail.

148.

797

to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January lait, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Charged lor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, iptb, and 2tft Days of February last, by His Majesty'g Command.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to make Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Account of the Produce of such Part of the Sinkiijg Fund, on the 5th Day of April 1766, as was subjectt to the Disposition of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. 1

r Bill j linking

Fund.

Mart is y 6° Mai't \

Anno 6® Georgii III1*' Regis, 1766.

Prayers. .,

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the En*M»°rp« Open and Common Fields, Common Nlendows ' ina°for*' Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Kingsthorpe, in the County of North, -was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titl% be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Ground^ Heath, and Waste Grounds* within the Manor and Lordship of King^hame in the County of Northampton. -

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry.

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concxirrence1.

Bewsley

Carnal.

\ Oh

3°-

An ingrossed Bill to make and maintain a navigably Cut, or Canal, from the River S’euem, at or near Bewdleif, in the County of Worceft^r, Uhrough KidR^r- minster, to Autherley, and from thence to or near -borough, in the County of Stafford, was rea.&the Third

Time.' ': ’ ' ' 1 ' f f

The'Amendment following was piropofei to b(e made^ to the Bill; viz. ‘ . V*

Pr. 24. 1. 19. After "Justice,* to insert " and Aldermen." .1

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question, put thereupon, agreed to by the House.; and the Bill was amended at the Table "accord ixxjgly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass = - that the Title,

be. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Sex>ei~rx, Between Bewdley and Tilton Brook, in the County of iVorcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near JdTe ryMill, in the' County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between, the said River Trent and the River Mersey.

Ordered, That the Lord Grerj do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Co«»currence.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Eui

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County set and Devon, devised by the ‘Will of John late Earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in Trufkees, to be sold, and for

9R applying

I9*

6° Mail.

A. i

Southwark

Streets.

Duke of Grafton*! Estatei.

Kettlcthorpe

laciofure.

applying tl\C Monies, arising Jjv such Sale, in the Purchase of oilier Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tyjthes, 'tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Vies limited by the said Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BUI, and fbu,n<^ the same to be true; and tl^at the Parties concerned had given their (Content to the Bill, 'to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bi|) in af the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bilf was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jaitfings dp carry the Bill to the jL^rd?, and acquaint thepp tout this House hath agreed

the fayre, without aqy Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming to£ a<|jourped Debate upon the Motion madcYefterday, for reading the Third Time, an ingrossed Clause, then offered to be added, by way of Ryder, to the Bill for paving the High Street, Part of White Street, and Kent Street, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parish of Newington, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also certain Courts, Yards, and other Places, at\jojuing thereto; and for preventing Annoyances in the said Streets; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said ingrossed Clause was read the Thjrd Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to> by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way ojf.Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proofed to be made to the Bill,; viz.

Pr. 4. I. 27. In the List of Commissioners, t,o insert ‘ " Daniel ."

,>Pr. 7. J. 2i. To leave out " after."

/ And the said Amendments were, upon the Question feveratly put tftereupop, agreed, to by the House; and the Rill was am^qcled at the Table accordingly.

j 'Resolved, That Bill do pass: And that the Title

be. An Act for paving the Streeps, and Lanes within the Town, and, Borough-of Sonthxpqrk, an$, certain.Parts adjacent, ill the Coputy of and for cleaning,

lighting,"and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, \ards, Alleys, and P*(sages> adjoining thereto; and f<?r preventing Annoyance? therein,

1 Order efi, That Sir Joj'eph Hawbey do.carry the BUI. to tfte Lords, and, deftre their Concurrence.

k ' r i

~ Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, an Act for vesting Part of a’Messuage, with the Appnrteoanbes^' intailed, by the Wiftof thempft npb\e. Charle$late Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing another Meffugge, or Lands, , to be settled to the ljke Uses, was committed; That the Committee had; examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true,; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content, to the Billy to the Satisfaction of the Committee,; and that the Committee had directed hint tp repprt the Bjllto, the House, without any Amend-, nient; And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill dp, pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint, them, that this House, hath agreed to the fame, without any, Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Qpen Lapds, Meadows, , and Free Commons, in

Laughter ton, in ttye Parish of Kettlethorpe, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,- That ttye Bill do pass: And that the Title 16 _____

be, An Act Ipr dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Meadow’s, and Free Commons, in the Parish of Kettkihorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownloio Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Newcaftls Road leading from the Floodgates upon the Mill Dam, underline in the Town of NeiocajUe under Lin the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Hoad leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptzvich in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time,

An ingrossed Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to prevent any Turnpike being erected within a Mile of Audley.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; arid, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Pari of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Thpri the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

in the Lift of Tnfflees to insert " John Alfager, James lent, George Booth, William B John Gib/bn, " John Gray, Thomas Grocott, John Hugo

" Meynell, Henry Penlinglon, Sir John Eardly " Robert Wilmot, William Knight, Clerk, John Wood."

And the said Amendment was, U]>on the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rqfolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Neit'castle under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester-, and from Chefierton, through Audley and Balter ley, to Ghorjty Hill.

Ordered, That Mi-. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the fraudulent marking Frame-w®rk of Frame-work knitted Manufactures, was read the knitted

Third Time. , ManuHWv

BeJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act- to prevent the fraudulent marking of Frame-work knitted Pieces and Stockings.

Ordered, That Colonel Howe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Toxvnfliend reported from theCon1m-itL Adderbory tee, to whom the Bill, for dividing and iliclosing cortaiiv todofure. Qpftrt and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands1, in toe.Parjlh of Addenbury, in the County of Oxford, commonly called and known by the several Names of Ad-' derbuxy Eaffield. Coat field, AdderburyWestfield,

tonfield> arid Boddicot field, and of several 1 other odd Pieces, of Open, or Commonable Land, adjoining or belonging to the fame, or otherwise used therewith,' w,a« re-committed. That the Committee had made1 several other Amendments to the Bilk which: they had directed him to report to the House; and lie reach the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUJ, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table-; 1 And several of the Amendments, made by the Gom-mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,-That the further.Consideration of the-feid'

Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, and his Sons, Thomas-Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gand their Guardians, and :the Guardians of their Sons, during the ir. Minority, to gtaiit Building I^eafcs of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of and to grant a

Piece of Lhnd, lying in tfte feme Town, for the Purposes of

Gooch’*

Estate.

1

Aston and Wales IncioTure.

Prefcmtion

" oi Timber Trees, &c.

Nedham’t

Estates.

6 Geo III.

6° Mail,

79$

of buildinga Church, and making aChtireh Yard; and to' exchange feme Lands there; was read tl*c Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amend* ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, fitnate, lying, and being within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Bar, with the Amendth&ife, m at the ^iork’s Table .' Where the Amendments wtere Qnde read throughout and then a Second Time, One by Oriey dnd, dpondie Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendnients; be ingrossed.

The House being interfiled, that Mr. fro&

the Eacfcheqtier, attended ftt the Door y He,was called »in; and, at the Baf, prefeMtfed to the House, pUrfiidiit to their Order,

An Account of tire Produce of fitch Pdrt of the Sirik-ingFnnd, bn the Fifth Day of April i as iviis fhb-jeftto the Bifpofititm of Parliament. 1 ,

And then he withdrew. .;

And the Title Of the said Account was redd".

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgefieS, in’ Pkfliametit assembled.

An Account of the Produce of such Part of the Sinking Fund, On the jtH Bay of April 17 as was iiA>je£fc

the Drfposition of Parliament.

The Produce of such Part of the Sinking Futid, cm the 5th Day of April f 766, as was subjW ij> (he tion of Parliament, amounted to the Sum of Four hundred Thirty-nine tfioUfahd'Fivb hundred and lughtyfn^ Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two Pence Farthing. < . 1

Exchequer, the 6th Day of Map 1766.

S.P.

Ordered, That tljf said Account do He upbnr the Ta-‘ hie, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservattion of Timber Trees, and of Woods, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, andrnade several1 Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hi tn tb1 report to the House; and he read the Report in hisPlkce; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was rbbch And the House taking Notice that proper Blanks ’ were not left in the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a'proper Bill instead thereof.

- Sir William Codrington reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitufed; An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the festates late of'Robert Nedham, Esquire; deceased, fitnate'in1 the x Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term’of Five hundred Years; to -George Nedham, Esquire; for confirming an

Agreement made between the Widow-and Chilaren of> the said Robert Nedham; aadfor vesting Part of the said Robert Nedham's said Estates in Trustees, to be sold,

for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other In-cuaibranoes, affecting such Estates; and for! other the 'Purposes therein mentioned; was comm itted; That the1 Committee had examined,'and found that the Standing' Orders Concerning Notices to be given in Ireland before" any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same tOrbe true; ami that the Parties concerned'had' given these Content to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of thje ’ Committee; and that the Committee had directed nim ' to report the Bill to the House, without any'Amend-Volv 30.

ihdrit: And he delivered tile Bill in at ti^e Cferk’s’

Table.

And the said Bill wiw r$ad thpThitd T hue.

Resolved, That the BiUflo pgfe , .

Ordered, That Sir VptUiatn Opdringtoy<d,cr cjitytVK*

Bifl to the 'Lords, and acquaint theqi,. t\iat t% HovvCe* hatll agreed-to the fame, without apy Axnendtnent.

Sir Charles Fprnaby reported from tV. Co&tfnirtCe, to* whom the Bill for repairing, widening* Storing, several Roads'leading, to the Town of in the

Qourity of Kent, w&- cop^mitted, That the Committfee had considered the Petition of several: G«f*tle»n6n, Farmers, and others, livipg in and near. Stu^rehaw, in the County oYltent, whole Nfipes^are thfere*ititD fublbribed,'

to them, referred; anffhaal examined the Allegations of the Bill, ant^ found thebg. true; and.that the Committee had gohe through the ^ill^ and Vnade several Amendments therquntb, which tb^y* had directed liini’ to report to ttys Hqqfeand he Jhe Report m his

Place; and afterwards delivered" the Bill, jwith the Amendments. in at the Qerk*s . TP able:Where the Report 'was read.

: And several of.tlfo

irnttee to the said. Bilhheing (evprall^ rbid a Second’ Time! were, upon the Question several 1 pdt thereuptJn, agreed to by. the House.

Another of ^he Amendments, rpade by tile Committee to die foid Bill, a. S»0oi>pd Tilne j

A Motion was made, and, the ^itxeuioh being ptif, That the Hpufe do agsee with tlxo Committee fa ffe said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Daitford,

&c.

Road).

Tellers for the Yeas

t Sir Charter Fhmabyt

UMi.'

elcrr Burrell,

Jfcauclerk,

Tellers for the Noes, ^:

So it passed in the Negative.

56-

Go.

PrfobecF'

J

8qo 6* Maii. 17

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved., That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

riftol The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Streets. for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages,

within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and PatTages, within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places within the said City, and Liberties thereof; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

w«y, The House was moved, that the last of the Resolu-and Mon. tions, which, upon the 29th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Provision be made, fordeclaring, that

" the additional Duties, granted by an Act made.in the u Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon " Wines imported, were, by the said Act, intended, and " ought, to be paid without any Discount or Deduction " Inwards, or Drawback on Re-exportation."

The House was also moved, that the last of the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed tp by. the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Liberty be granted to export Coals from Great Britain to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

" and Alderney, annually, free of the Duty laid upon " all Coals exported, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Duties, on the Exportation of " Coals and of several East India Goods, and upon " Policies of Insurance; for retaining, upon the Exportation of White Callicoesand Muuins, a further Part " of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for " obviating a Doubt with rdpeft; to Stamp Duties itnposed upon Deeds by Two former Acts," in the following rroportions; videlicet, to Guernsey, any Quantity of Coals not exceeding One thousand Chaldrons,

M Newcastle Measure, from the Port of and

" One hundred and Fifty such Chaldrons from the Port " of Swansea; to Jersey, any Quantity of Coals not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty such Chaldrons,

" from the Port of Ne and One hundred and " Fifty from the Port of Swansea , to Alderney, any " Quantity of Coals, not exceeding One hundred and " Ten such Chaldrons, from the Port of Newcastle, and " Ten from the Port of ."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Town-Jhend, junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.. Solicitor General, and Mr,. Paterson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the more easy collecting, and elFeftually securing, the Stamp Duties, to be paid in respect of Copies of Court Rolls.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for

permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain, to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Pill, for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Inden-. tures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Rill, for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to the Bonds to be given on account of certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Africa.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for explaining a Doubt, which has arisen, in an Act made in this Session of Parliament,' intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty free.

A Bill to restrain the i (Tiling of any Warrant for feiz- General ing Papers, except ini the Cafes of Trehfon, or Felony WarrailU-without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.;

.Resolved, That tfiis House will, upon Friday Morn- . ing next, resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for patting in exe- Westminster cutiontlie several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleans- ^avins-

ing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, do lay- before this1 House, an Account of the Produce of the Sunday Tolls/; dillingnishing tile Sum' colJefted at each Gate.

The Order of the Day being read, for t he House to Cora Trade, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-, consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto;

Resolved, That this House wtll, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a,- Importation Committee of the whole House, to consider further of r of the Bill to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wraught siiks^c* Silks and Velvets, for a Time to be limited. 7

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Prodlor took tli« Chair'.of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Beauchamp Profior reported from the' Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Moming.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the American House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeiCBlon,c*-House, to consider further of the several Papers, which’ were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary

way, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of Febniary last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer -upon the 3d, ioth, 19th, and 2. v It Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command;

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Produce, from the 29th of September 176410 the 10th o

Charlcffon’s

Nar.

Facon’s &c. Nat.

6 Geo. III.

6° — f Mail.

801

1765, so far as appears by the Accounts which have been received, of the Duties charged by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in , and by an Act,

made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the Brit if 1 Colonies in America, and for continuing, amending, and

making perpetual, the said Act; distinguishing each Colony, the Species of the l’everal Goods, and the Monies which have been paid out of such Duties for Incidents; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedThat this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, izd, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March laid, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day. except Mr. Thomas Collet, do attend the said Committee, To-mor-

row Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7* Maii;

Anno 6* Georgii III*'5 Regis, 1766. Praters.

MR. Fonnercau reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Laurence was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ami the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fonnereau do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Fonnereau reported from the Committee, to whom the ingroired Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Facon, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John James Tourneifen, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations, of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 30.

Pr. 1.1. 1.

1. 6.

1.

1.

1.

9-

17-

18.

1. 21. 1. 22.

1.

23-

27.

28. 31-

Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " beseech."

After " Flanders," insert, " and John "James Toimieifen, Son of John " Rudolph Tourneifen, by Elizabeth " his Wife, born at Bajd, in " zerland.". of

Leave out " his," and insert " their.

Leave out " he," and insert " they."

After " Facon," insert " and John " James Tourneifen and leave out " is," and insert " are."

Leave out " are."

Leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

Leave out " he is," and insert " they " are."

Leave out " he," and insert " they and leave out " a."

Leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

Leave out " he" and insert " they .» and after " Facon," insert " and " John James Tourneifen."

Leave out " is," and insert " are."

Pr. 2.1. a. Leave out " his," and insert " their "

1. 3. Leave out "Heir," and insert " Heirs-"

and leave out " his," and insert " their."

Leave out " him," and insert them."

Leave out " he," and insert they."

Leave out " he," and insert " they."

I-eave out " he," and insert they."

After " Facon," insert and John " James Tourneifen."

Leave out a;" and leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

Leave out " he," and insert " they " and after " Facon," insert. " and " John James .*

Leave out " a Member " and insert " Members."

Leave out " himself " ana insert " themselves."

Leave out " him," attd. \x\fert " them." At the End of the Title add, artel " Toimieifen."

The said Amendments being fevemlly read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, lliat the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fonnereau clo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth ciefire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips.

Mr. Hexvctt presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy > to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement, made for a Lease of Ground, for the Improvement of* His Majesty’s Dock Yard near Plymouth,: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 32.

J- 9-

I. 12. 1. 19. 1. 24.

1. 25.

1. 27.

1 35-

1 37-1. 42. 1. 43.

Plymouth

Dockyard.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing' and inclosing a certain Common Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Darley, in the County of culled

Darley Common, was committee!. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of* the BUI, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

9 s the

Darley

Inclosure.

B&lderton

Inclosure.

Adderbury

Inclosure.

Gooch’s

fiftates.

802

70 Mail. A. 1766.

the Committee, except the Owners or Proprietors of about One-tenth Part of the Lands, lying within the said Liberty of Darlej, who have Right of Common on the said Lands proposed to be inclosed, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; but all of them, except Mr. Bower, who has an Estate of about Eight Pounds a Year, and is entitled to Right of Common in lieu thereof, upon the said Waste Ground, said they would not oppose it; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Balderton, in the County of Nottingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Owners of Three Oxgangs and an Half, and the Owners of Six Cottages, and the Owners of 21 Beast Gates, and the Owners of 135 Sheep Gates, who, being applied to, refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Oxgangs amount to 109, the Number of Cottages to 39, the Number of Beast Gates to 476, and the Number of Sheep Gates to 2,680; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, and hisSotis, Thomas

Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sons, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a Church Yard, and to exchange some Lands there: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bickar for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ladofure. Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor presented to the Prefemtian House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preserva- Timhe°Trees, tion of Timber Trees, and of Woods, Underwoods, tc. Roots, Shrubs, and Plants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, Copper^Bars, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking oft' several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mails,

Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Or. Importation der, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt a, L from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish in the County of Oxford, commonly called and known by the several Names oiAdderbury Eaf/ield, Coatfield, field, Miltonfield, and Boddicotfield, and of several other

odd Pieces of Open or Commonable Land, adjoining or belonging to the fame, or otherwise used therewith, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made, by this House, to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to

Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Westminster Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty- Coal second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Adn, casure"*"t George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds aind Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of -minster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, llolborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, according to Order, Importation reported from the Committee of the whole House, to of whom the Bill to prohibit the Importation of foreign- "ro"^Silk,< wrought Silks and Velvets, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip. at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Aniernl-

6 Geo. III. f Mail 803

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Paterson, presented to the House, according to Lottery. Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; Mt\ Paterson presented to the House, according to

Poking Fuad. Qr(]er> a gjj for granting to His Majesty a certain

Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Duties on Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Wines, Order, a Bill for explaining and amending such Part of

*c’ an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Africa; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the Islands of Jerfeij, Guernsey, and Alderney; and for obviating

certain Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

liefolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American Petition of the Mailer Wardens, and Commonalty,

Colonies. of the Society of Merchants, Venturers, of the City of Bristol, under their common Seal; And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Port of Liverpool:And also,

A Petition of the Merchants oi Whitehaven: And also, A Petition of the Merchants of Lancaster\

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Trade hath been, for many Years, carried on, from the said Ports, to the West India Islands and to Africa, for which Business small Vessels are moll suitable; and that the Petitioners are under great Apprehensions that the said Trade will be much injured, if not entirely mined, by Two Acts, passed, the One in the 33d of King George the Second, and the other in the Fifth Yrear of His present Majesty’s Reign, whereby Importation and Ex|M>rtation of Rum, Me. is confined and limited to Vessels of One hundred Tons Burthen or upwards: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant them Relief therein, by giving Liberty for the Importation and Exportation of Rum, to be in Vessels of Seventy Tons and upwards.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vol. 30.

consider further of Ways and Means for railing tlx*

Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties on Wrought Silks, commonly called Crapes and Tiffanies.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for better supplying the Manufacturers in Ireland, with Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods, for permitting the Importation of Bugles, into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow-Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he Was directed by the Committee to move, that they toav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Tvlorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Humber Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for takino- down L‘s'u House* and removing certain Light Houses, now Handing upon Spurn Point, the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for

erecting other fit and convenient Light Houses instead thereof;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in*

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of John Angell, of Stockzvell in the County of Suirey, Esquire, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, and offered to produce Evidence in order to prove, that the Lights, as they are now situated, are more advantageous to the Northern Navigation, than if they were removed to any other Part of the Spurn Point; and thatihe Removal of them w ill prejudice the Navigation, and therefore injure the Petitioner.

And the Counsel for the Bill objecting to such Evidence, as tending to prove what was not within the Allegations of the said Petition;

The Counsel for the Petitioner were Heard, in Answer to the said Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Bill having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the said Petition of John ^4ngell was again read.

A Motion was made, and the Cineftion being put,

That the Counsel for the Petitioner l»e admitted to produce Evidence, in order to prove, that the Lights, as they are now situated, are more advantageous to the Northern Navigation, than if they were removed to any other Part of the Spurn Point;and that the Removal of them will prejudice the Navigation, and therefore injure the Petitioner;

It passed in t.he Negative.

Then the Counsel were again, called in, ancj \[r Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner offered to produce Evidence, in order to prove, that Mr- -Angell bad made Application to the Trinity Hottfe and had been and willing to rebuild the Light Houses,

Part of the Spurn Point, that should be more convenient and that the Trinity House had declined it. cu, ent>

And

804 7° — 8°

Humber And the Counsel for the Bill objecting to such Evi-LightJMoufcs t]ence>

as tending to prove what was not within the Al-Spurn Point legations of the Petition;

The Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, in Answer to the said Objection.

And One of the Counsel for the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw’.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioner be admitted to produce Evidence, in order to prove, that Mr. had,

made Application to the Trinity House; and had been ready and willing to rebuild the Light Houses, on any other Part of the Spurn , that should be more convenient, and that the Trinity House had declined it;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Refohition.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner infonned the House, that they should decline calling Evidence to any other Points.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the Amendments following were severally pro-, posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 4. After " and" to insert " Kingston upon " commonly called."

Pr. 10. 1. 1. To leave out " Lights," and insert " Light Houses" instead thereof.

Pr. 13. 1. 2. After " said" to insert " or elsewhere."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down, and removing, certain Light Houses, now Handing near the Spurn , at the Mouth of the Humb, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light Houses instead thereof.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American llie House resolved itself into a Committee of the Colonies, whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st. Days of Januarylaft, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21 ft Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exche-

?uer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of ?ebru ary last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w-holc House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary , upon

the 14th, 2 2d, 27th, 28th, and 31 ft Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 2 ift Days of Febniary last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 1 oth, 19th, and 2 ift Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, except Rickard Maitland, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mail. A. 17 66.

Jo-vis,8° dieMaii;

Anno 6* Georgii III1" Regis, 1766.

P R A Y E R I.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little Ellingham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little Ellingham, in tire County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying, and being within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying, and being within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and Essex, and in the City of London, late the Estate of Piggott luce, Esquire, deceased, and Mary, late the Wife, and now the Widow, of the said Piggott Ince, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance of certain Agreements, and for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein expressed, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the lame.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 11. After the First " the," iufert " Advice and."

Pr. 8. 1. 23. After " unto," insert " each of " them."

1. 34. Leave out from " Hall" to

" and" in the 2d Line of nett Press, and insert " Two Acres " of the said Fen, or other Commonable

Little

Ellingham

Inclosure.

A (Ion and Wales Inclosure.

Inee’s

Efwtes.

Bickar

Inclosure.

6 Geo. III.

8* Mail.

" monable Places, as a Com*

" pensation for their respective

Rights to the Soil of the said " Fen or other Commonable " Places, as Lords of the said " Manors."

Pr. 9. 1. 4. and 5. Leave out " and allot unto

" and for the Lord Paramount in the said Parish of 1.6. Leave out from " Fen" to

" and" in Line xo. of the same Press, and insert " in order to be allotted to the said " Earl and the said Sir bert or to one of " them as herein after mentioned, as and for a Compensation to them the said Earl and Sir Gilbert , for their re*

" spective Rights as Lords Para- mount, or Lords and Owners " of the Soil of the said Fen."

Pt. 41.1.31. After " Paramount," insert

or Lord and Owner of the Soil of the said Fen."

1. 32. and 35. Leave out " in Right of his " laid Manor of -

mont."

1.35. Leave out from " Claims"

to " be" in Line 37, and insert the fame."

Pr. 41.1. 30. Leave out from " "

to" shall" in Line 33.

Pr. 43.1. 8. After " Paramount," insert

" or Lord and Owner of the Soil of the said Fen."

1. 10. and 11. Leave out " set out and."

1. 15. After " Paramount," insert

" or Lord and Owner of the " Soil of the said Fen."

1.16. Leave out " a Part of."

1.16. and 17. Leave out " Fen containing;" and leave out from " Acres" to " or " in Line 21, and inliert " herein before di- reded to be set out, in order " to be allotted to them or one " of them as aforesaid."

1.27. Leave out from " "

to " them" in Line 29, and in* " fert " are each of them Lords " and Owners of the Soil of the " said Fen."

1. 30. and 31. Leave out " set out and."

Pr. -45.1.4. Leave out from " aforesaid"

to " provided" in Line 25, and insert " Clauses A and B." Clause A.

, And be it further Enacted, That it shall " and may be lawful to and for the said Attor- ney General.Solicitor General,

" and George Hill, or the Survivorsor Survivor " of them, to order and award such Sum of " Money as they, or the Survivors or Survivor (< of them, shall think reasonable, to be paid " by either of them the said Earl or Sir Gilbert " Heathcote, to the other of them, as and for " such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as shall " have been occasioned by such Reference; " which Sum so ordered and awarded to be " paid, shall and may be recovered by Action " of Debt, to be brought in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at " with Costs of Suit."

Clause B.

Provided always, and be it further Enad-Vol. 30.

Pr.45

805

*ed. That in case no Award or Determination

" shall be made by the said Attorney General,

" Solicitor General, Taylor White, and George " Hill, or the Survivors or Survivor of them,

" pursuant to the Powers and Authorities her*

" in before given to them for that Purpose, on " or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December,

" which shall be in the Year of our Lord Ono " thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-seven,

" that then it shall and may be lawful to and.

" for either of them, the said Earl and Sir Gil-" bert Heathcote, their or either of their Heirs " or Assigns, to commence and prosecute against the other of them, his Heirs or Assigns,

" any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity, for u the Determination of the several Matters " herein before referred to the said AttorneyGeneraI, SolicitorGeneraI, T«y/t>rIf7ttVe,an<|

" George Hill, or the Survivors or Survivor of " themj and in case any such Suit or Suits shall " be commenced in any Court or Courts of " Equity, fucfvCourt or Courts are hereby

" thorized and required to determinethefarae.

" and the Determination of any suchCourt " Courts, in which any such Suitor Suits shall be commenced and prosecuted as aforesaid " shall be obligatory upon the said " sioners, or any two of them, inrefpe&to the " Allotment of the said Eighteen Acres, as the " Award or Determination of the said Attoruev " General, Solicitor General, Taylor White and

" George Hill, or the Survivors or Survivor of

them, would have been in case the same had " been made pursuant to the Directions of this Act."

1. 34- After " the" insert " said.*

1. 38. Leave out from the"- to

" which" in Pr. 46. 1. 31; and insert " said respeCfcive Claim9 " of the said Earl and the said.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, shall be " transmitted to the said Commissioners, or before the L>®termination of such Suit or " Suits, that then, it shall atvd " may be lawful to and for " the said Comnoi ffion^rs, or any Two of them, to make their " laid Award, without waiting " for any such Determination j

" and that they tl»e said Com*

" missioners, or any Two of them, as soon as conveniently " may be after "the find Determination of the said Attorney " General, Solicitor Gen?/

" Taylor White?, and George,

" or the Survivors or Survivor " of them, shall be transmitted " to them the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, or after the Determination of such suit or* suits as afore*

« said, fHall and may, by an " Inftmrrve-Tvt in Writing, limit,

" declare, and appoint the said " 18 Acres of Land, either " to the said Earl and Sir " Gilbei'tHeathcote, in fych " Manner, Shares, or " tions, or to one of diem

" alone, as the said Attorney

" General, Solicitor General Taylor White, and George Hill or the Suor

" of them, adjudge and

9 T detv-

8o6

8® Mail

" determine the fame, or as the same shall have been adjudged, decreed, or determined in iany such Suit or Suits."

The said Amendments, as far as Clauses " A and B," being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clauses " A and B," the next Amendments, were severally read a Second Time.

And being ingrossed Clauses were severally read the Third Time, and, upon the Qifeftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord Broxvnlozo Her tie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

i '

Burton’s

Name. Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Burton, Esquire, and his I flue, to bear and use the Surname and Arms pqrfuant to

the. Will of John Phillipson, Esquire, deceased, >vas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to import the Bjil to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the J3ill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

N Importation

Wrought silt*. An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Importation of Fo-

&c. reign-wrought Silks and Velvets, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

Orrfcm/, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defye their Concurrence.

Prefer wtion

of A Bill for the better Preservation of Timber Trees,

m 4c. eCS’ and of Woods, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William BeauchainpProctor, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wynn, Mr. son, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Way,

Air. Bit Her, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Townshend, M r.Greij, Mr.

Shiffher, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Grey, Sir Lord Coleraine, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Thurlmc, M.r.Byde, Mr. Mr. Brarul, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Dempfler, Mr. Parker, Mr. Hopkins, Ix>rd Howe, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Sir George Savile, Mr. Wrlfon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Palmerflon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Barroio, Mr. Burke, Sir Mr. Elliot,

Mr. Bootle, Mr. Craven, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Luther, Mr. Mackworth, Mr.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Westminster

Paving. Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-' holders, of the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-'holders, of the County of Surrey: And also,

17

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, end Freeholders, of the County of Surrey: And also,

APetition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the County:

And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freholders,

Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Kent:

And also,

A Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Kent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for impowering the Commissioners for putting in execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Wand Parts adjacent, to coileft further ’Foils, and applying the same for the Purposes aforesaid; and letting forth, That the said Counties arc already burthen-ed with heavy Tolls on all the Avenues lCaditig to the Metropolis; and if those should be in* creased by additional Tolls, to be granted by the said Bill, and applied to Purposes foreign to thelntcrefts of the said Counties, it will prove . extremely prejudicial to the Agriculture and Trade of the fame:’And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themli Ives or Coun-fel, against l'uch Parts of the said Bill as give a Power to, the fliid Commissioners to coileft . further Tolls on the Roads, within the said Counties, or that the House will grant them such other Relief, as shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Farmers, Gardeners, Tanners, Westminster Landholders, Brewers, and other Traders, of the Bo- Pavia-;, rough of Southwark, and several other Parishes near adjoining thereto, in the County of Surrey, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the faitl Bill; and representing to the House, that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it would greatly contribute to enhance the Value of the several Necessaries of Life within the Citiesof London and and would be most injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners, ' who, from their particular Situation, must be obliged to contribute large annual Sums, for a Service from which they can receive no Advantage: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by theml'elves or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect: them, or that the House will grant them such other Relief, as shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Luther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Chenavigable, from x,~; vision the Port of Maldon, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fariie to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ^Clerk’s Table:, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Time,

6 Geo. III.

8° M

807

Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way Lottery, of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of stukingFund Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill, A Bill for explaining and amending such Part of an WmeDmie*, Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of Hispre-sent Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the moreeafy collecting; and effectually securing the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls;- for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Sdlion of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods, and Bugles exported to Africa; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Me of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals free from the Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the Islands of JerJ'ey, Guernsey, and Alderney-, and for obviating certain Doubts with respect to the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved-, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^Tcertai'n" ^or redeeming One Third Part of the Remainder of the Annuities. Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, without any Amendment: And also.

Soar River The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Navigation. for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicef ter; and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near The Rujhes, and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,.

The l>ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vol. 30.

for repairing and widening the Roadleading from W«lnest>ury,

Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlafion

Lane, next the Portway, and from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford, w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hutfley

for repairing and widening the Road from the present to

Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hurfey, in the County Andovet

of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An to render more effectual an Act, made in the Four tlx utton.

Year of his present Majesty, for draining preserving, and improving the Low Grounds and Carrs, ly_ ing and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets Lordships, Precincts and Territories, of Sutton, Garip. tcad. Swine, Benningholmc, Benningholme Grange, and Fair holme, North Skirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Long Rip. ton, Leven, Ileig/iolme, atidHally tree Holme, BrandesRuj'^ ton, and Burfal, EJke, Tick ton, Wed, Routh, Meaux, and Waghen, otherwise Waum, in Holderness, in the Haft

Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act b for dividing and inclosing certain Open Grounds or Inclosure. Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tra€t of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bowes, in the County ' of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' Corby for dividing and inclosing the several Open "Fields, i"closure* Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grumble Ilirjl, within the Parish of Barmby upon Dunn, in the County . York, without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable FfeUls*

Meadow, rafture, and Waste Grounds, . in the Pariflnes of Scothom and Sudbrooke, in the County without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order , reported from the Wayi

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ana Meaty, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the TLesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee,

That Provision be made, for declaring, that the l ower granted by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, for Heme Consumptkm, and for other "Purposes, to remove from Warehouses for Home Consumption* upon Payment of Forty Pounds Ten Shill in $gs per Ton, such Spirits as were made for Exportati on, should extend to such Spirits only as are made from Corn, Malt, or Melasses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the First Day of August 1766, there be paid to His Majesty, o pon every pound Weight Avoirdupois, of Italian Wrought Silks, calied andknown by the Name of Crapes or Tiffanies, imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof over and above all Duties now payable thereon; and that the Produce of the said Duty be carried to the Sinking Fund. 5

Rffohfd,

8o8 8° — 90 Mal 17

Salt

Imported

into

Quebec.

Westminster

C»at

A4anlarement

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Quantity, not exceeding Thirty Tons Weight, in any one Year, of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be allowed to be exported, free of Duty, under proper Regulations and Restrictions, to or the Use of the

Manufacturers there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Authority be given, to permit, under proper Limitations and Restrictions, the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of such Bugles as were brought into the said Isle, before the First Day of March 1765, upon Payment of One Half of the old Subsidy only for such Goods.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Mr. Chancel-

lor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendijk, Mr. mas Townshend, Junior, Mr. Oujlow, Mr. Attorney Ge-

'neral, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for further encouraging the Exportation and Importation of Rum and other Spirits.

A Bill to continue an Afit, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of -

ca/ler adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, ThdX this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Balderton, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrossmgs, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon unstamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, xiA,27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d, Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 ill Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they liad examined several other Witnesses; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply Bill; A Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned. Copper Ban, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon *c* the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Duties; to the premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; tb the encouraging the Growth of Coffee ia His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to thefecuring the Duties upon Foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Direct ions, in Acts of this Session . of Parliament; was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

14

Veneriiy 9° Mail;

Anno 6* Georgii III1" Regis, 1766.

Prate as.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and mclofiogthe Open Fields, Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the ParHh of Balderton, in the County of Nottingham, was read, the Third Time.

Resolved,

Baldertoti

Inclosura.

America;

Indemnity

for

Unstamped

Paper.

Anerican

Colonies*

Balderton

Inelofurt*

fteydclPi

Estateu

Darley

Indefure.

6 Geo. III. o' Mail. 800

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari fli of Balder ton, in the County of Not ling* ham.

Ordered, That Mr. Tleycett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for yelling the settled Estates of Morton Pley*

dell, Esquire, in the Counties of York and Lincoln, ill Truliees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

R<solvedyTka.t the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Prefcot,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Parker, Sir Joseph Colonel

Howe, Mr. Ilu/ke, Mr. Titrate, Sir EdzoardDering, Mr. Jennings, Sir William Maynard, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Seqeant Hewitt, General Whitmore, Mr.

bert. Sir Anthony) Abdy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ward, Mr, Befi, Lord Burgherjh, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Dyson, Sir Robert Ladbivke, Mr. Mr. Harvard,

Jiir.Hewett, Mr Montagu, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Buller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Parker-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Dorset, Somerset, and Devon: And. they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Parcel of A Valle Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Darley, in the County of Derby, called Darley/ Common, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Darley, in the County of Derby, called Darley Common.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1. 39. To leave out " Thomas Burch," and

insert " John " instead there*

of.

Pr. 5. I, 1, To leave out u William Cross,

" Carless," and insert " Lawrence " De Rippee, Rees ," instead

thereof; and to leave out " Thomas " Doivthwaites," and insert " John " Hart" instead thereof.

1. 21 To leave out " And insert

" Heaven" instead thereof

1. 3. To leave out " Thomas Johnson, Rt>g*e/*

" Jones, Benjamin Lancqfier," arte} insert " William Lloy/d, Nathaniel Morgan, Richard Sherman," in* Head thereof.

1. 5. To leave out " Adrian and

insert " Thomas Silvefet" instead thereof.

1. 7. To leave out " Timothy Feal, William " Watts," and insert " John Taylor " Philip Williams," instead there* of.

1.8. To leave out " Daniel

insert " William " inftearf

thereof. x

Pr,a8.1. 1. To leave out "Public," and itjfert " Foreign" instead thereof.

Pr. 31.1. 3. After " lit,’’ to inferf " Pftfbn or,*’

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watch ing the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within tha* Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holbourn, which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said* County -

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, anddefirc their Concurrence.

St. Andrew, Holborn, Street!, &c.

An ingrafted Bill for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, and so much of the Parish of Saint Andrezo's, Holbourn, in the County of Middlesex, as is above the Bars, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; 'viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 29. To leave out " Dudley) ," and

insert " Ambrose " instead

thereof.

1. 31. To leave out..... Farrer," and insert " William Brown" instead thereof.

1. 32. To leave out " Gifford, Jonas Hanway/," and insert " Dawson, Paul " Field!' instead thereof.

1. 33. To leave out " Samuel

and insert " Daniel Fox" instead thereof.

1. 35. To leave out " Richard

" Samuel Powell," and insert " Thomas Gataker, Morris instead thereof.

1. 36. To leave out " Henry/ Raper," and insert " John " instead there*

of.

1. 37. To leave out " William Waller," and insert " George " instead there-

of.

1.38. To leave out " Edward Bonham," and insert " Henry Adkins, in-ftcad thereof.

Vet. 30.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the HoU^e to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, T»y way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged o*1 the Sinking Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resolved itself into the Galcl Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palcrfon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaffc to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, Lvy IMf- BforVning -and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act Cltptrf for the better paving, cleanfingc, and enlightening- the London City of London, and the Liberties thererrf^gm^ f0rpre- *tnaS* "ft* venting Obstructions and Annoyances within and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without axty Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bin* intituled, An Act Bewdkt for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Cana/ Canat from the River Severn, between Berodley Bi'ook, mtheCoh\ytyofWorce/lcr/-, to cross the R,ver at or near I/ey/ivood Mill, in the Co and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made

9 L>

Kencastle uncLr Line Road.

Beverley

Minster.

Cloth

Manufa^ure.

RatclifTe

Culcv

Inclosure.

Kingslhorpc

iaciosure

Oottlngham

Inclosurt.

ICettlethorpe

Inclosure.

City of London new Streets.

Mansfield,

&c#

Road.

Clergymen’s

Orphans

Charity

Estate.

8 io

9° Mail.

A. i -j66.

tween the said River Trent, and the River with-

out any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of under

Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chejer, near the Town of icich, in the County of Chester, and from through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorjty Hill, without any Amendment: And also,

*The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, and to enable them to appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trulls declared by the Will of Sir Michael Wharton, Knight, deceased, for the Augmentation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John, in Beverley, in the County of York, and for erecting an Organ in the said Church; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York; and also so much of several other Laws, as pre-feribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County, for preventingFrauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preferring the Credit of the said Manufacture, at the Foreign Market, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Culey, in

the County of Leicester, without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opeu and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pallures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, without an}*- Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands, Meadows, and Free Commons, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City o (London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chef erfc-ldY umpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone, from Mansfield, through TempleNormanton, TuptonNew Inclosure, and Birking Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Dei by, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ellabl ilh a Proposal, made by William Constable, Esq uire, to the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, in relation to aPiece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

22

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laighton for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ®ro'TOvo|(1 Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Commonable Lands "c ure* and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton Bromjivold, otherwise Laighton Ecclesut, in the County of don, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harirfton for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Iacloiur*. Common Pallures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Harleston, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Facon’s Nat. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Facon: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish, in Fish aisJe^blt Ponds and other Waters, and Conics in Warrens, and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein; and for preventing the pitting and watering Flax, in running Streams; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Altering for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; Abjuration to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon T>utktOB the Bill for explaining and amending such Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy eollefiing, and effectually securing the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Africa; for permitting a Certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the Islands of Jersey,'

Guernsey, and Alderney, and for obviating certain Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account; Account of the Quantities of foreign Brandies imported Brandy, and exported, from Midsummer 1751 to the 5th of July 1765, or so far as the same can be made out; dillin-guithing each Year.

A Bill to amend, and consolidate, the several Acts

passed

Westminster

Paving,

Orders of the Day,.

American

Colonies.

6 Geo. III.

Mail.

811

passed in the 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places in the hud Acts men

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed by the said Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon Coffee and Piemento, of the Grojvth and Produce of any

American

Colonies.

tfoned, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for British Colony or Plantation in America, which shouki

A. 1 D______r__________ t-A Kn AO t’ All t fl'Am f llPtlfP. (io 003.10 (Hid

be ftiipped to be carried out from thence, do cease and determine.

That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Shillings, Sterling Money, per Hundred Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all such Coffee, which shall be imported into any such Colony or Plantation, except only such Coffee, as diu.ll, upon the Landing thereof, be immediately deposited and secured in Warehouses, in order to be re-exported, under proper Restrictions.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Half-penny, Sterling Money, Pound Weight Avoirdupois, be laid upon all such Piemento, which shall be imported into any such Colony or Plantation, except only such Piemento as shall, upon Papers, which were presented to the "House, by Mr. the Landing thereof, be immediately dq oft ted and fe-Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and cured in Warehouses, in order to be re-exported, under 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, proper Restrictions.

and 2 iff Days of February) Jail, and upon the 3d Day of That it is the Opinion of this Committee

March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer That no Duties be paid upon such Foreign Suo-ars* upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of February Coffee, or Indico, as shall be imported into any last, by His Majesty’s Command, be now read. Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America and,

upon the Landing thereof, be immediately deposited and secured in Warehouses, in order to be re-exported under proper Reflations. .*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Foreign Cotton, Wool, and Indico, be permitted to be imported by British Ships, navigated according to Law, into any British Island, in that Part of America

other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr, Fuller reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties imposed, by any Act or Acts of Parlia- commonly called the West Indies, free from the Payment ment, upon Melasses, and Syrups, of the Growth, Pro- of any Duty or other Imposition whatsoever.

duce, or Manufacture, of any Foreign American Colony or Plantation, imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America, do ccafe and dete rmine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Penny, Sterling Money, per Gallon, be laid upon all Melasses and Syrups, which shall be imported into such British Colony or Plantation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed upon Sugars, in the British

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Produce of such of the said Duties to be raised in the said Colonies and Plantations, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and there reserve^ to be, from Time to Time, disposed of by Par\iatnen ’ towards defraying the necessary Expences of de^en ing, protesting, and securing, the said Colonies Plantations.

..... — r-----,..... Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Co®®v V

Colonies in America, by an Act, made in the Twenty- That it will be for the Advantage of -the Tra.de, NV fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for gation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom> to estabu Encouragement of the Greenland and Eafland Trades, One or more Port or Ports in His Majesty’s L>ominions and better securing the Plantation Trade, do cease and in America, for the more free Importation and Kxporta-determine. tion of certain Goods and Mercharwiiz'es, under proper

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Regulations and Restrictions.

That the Duty imposed in the British Colonies and The said Resolutions being feversilly read a Second Plantations in America, by an Act, made in the Fourth Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting agreed to by the House.

certain Duties in the said Colonies and Plantations, and That the 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th Resolu-

for other Purposes, upon Wrought Silks, Bengals, and tions of the said Committee be referred to the Confide-

ration of the Committee of the wViole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of "Way s and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the 1 ft, 2d, 3d, 8th, QtVk , x oth, 11 th, 12th, 13th, and 14th Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the Eloufe: And that Mr. Fuller, Mr. Chancellor of the "Exchequer, Lord John CavcMr. Thomas Taivn/hend, junior, Mr. Onflcni', Mr. Secretary Coirway, Mr. ’J 'ozorjhend, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Strange, Sir William , Sir George

Savile, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

and bring in, the fame.

Stuffs mixt with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, imported from Great Britain, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty imposed in the said Colonies and Plantations, by the said Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon Calicos, painted, dyed, printed, or stained, in Persia, China, or East India, imported from Great Britain, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties imposed in the BritJhCo\on\es and Plantations in America, by the said Act, made in the Fourth Year <Jf His present Majesty’s Reign, upon Foreign and Mr. Cooper, do prepare. Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, and upon French Lavyns, imported from Great Britain, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty be laid upon all such Foreign Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, and upon French Lawns, which shall be exported from this Kingdom, to the said Colonies and Plantations.

Vol. 30.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Ma.jessy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

Ways and Meant.

8i2 90 — io ° . 17

tnittee, that they do consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Sugars, from the British Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of proper Methods for encouraging the Importation of Cotton Wool into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties payable in this Kingdom, upon Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Sturts mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and Calhcoes, printed, dyed, painted, or stained there.

Then the House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson allb acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoh'td, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

General The other Order of the Day being read, for the House arranu‘ 'to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain the issuing of any Warrant for feizingPapers, except in the Cafes of Treason.or Felony without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And a Dispute arising who rtiould take the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker rc-fumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baam took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from (he Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Dav being read;

C«m Trade. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

Supply Bill t Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-^’und* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, un upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of 'Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766.

And then tlte House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 1 o° Maii; Anno 6* Georgii III. Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

MR. Sandyspresented to the House, according to Regut«in|

Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render Building* more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of His

Erefent Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of iuilclings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within tire Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the FirltTime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, America* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or t-olonie*. Bills, pursuant to the First, Second, Third, Eighth,

Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Resolutions, which we; e Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Comoay, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January loft., and upon the 5th, loth, 17th, and 21st Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of

March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, iqth, and 21st Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command, and were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for encouraging the Importation into this Kingdom, of Coffee, the Produce of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, to be re-exported.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- anAMtai* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refo-lutious which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the Duties now payable on the Importation of Cotton Wool into this Kingdom, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three Shillings per Piece be laid upon all such Foreign Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, and upon French Lawns, which shall be exported from this Kingdom, to the British Colonies and Plantations in,

America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia,

China, or East India, and Callicoes, printed, dyed, painted, or fumed there, do cease and detemHne.

Rejulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, on all such Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and Calicoes, printed, dyed, painted, or ltained there, as shall have been publicly fold in this Kingdom, on or before a certain Day, to be limited, a Subsidy of Poundage, after the Rate of Twelve Pence for every

Twenty

6 Geo. III.

io° M

813

Ways Twenty Shillings t»f the Value of such Goods, accorded ju, T to ti,c Grol's Price at which the same were originally

Ibid. at the Public Sales thereof, such Subsidy to be paid by the Proprietors of the said Goods.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to Mis Majesty a like Subsidy upon all such Wrought Silks, Bengals, Stuffs, and Callicoes, as shall be publicly fold, on or after such Day to be limited, the said Subsidy to be paid by the Company,

for such of the said Goods as shall be sold at their Public Sales, and by the Buyer of the said Goods, at any other Public Side.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Monies arising by the said Subsidies, be appropriated in like Manner as the Duties granted by the said Act were thereby appropriated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Sugars which shall be imported into this Kingdom, from any British Colony or Plantation, on the Continent of America, be made subject to the like Duties as are now payable upon the Importation of French Sugars.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The I Ioufe was moved, That the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth of the Resolutions, which were Yellerdav reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers, which w< rc presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 3id Days of January laid, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February lati, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 1 nth, and 2 ill Days of last, by His Majesty’s Command; and were then agreed to by the 1 Ioufe; might be read.

And the tame were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth , viz.

" Rejoiced, That the Duty imposed in the " Colonies and Plantations in by an Act, made

." in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-." jesty, for granting certain Duties in the said Colonies " and Plantations, and for other Purposes, upon Wrought " Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixt with Silk or Herba, of " the Manufacture of Persia, or im-

" ported from Great Britain, do cease and determine." " Rejoiced, That the Duties imposed in the said Colo-

" nies and Plantations, by the said Act, made in the " Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon " Callicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or stained,

" China, or East India, imported from Great Britain, do " cease and determine."

" Rejoiced, That the Duties imposed in the British " Colonies and Plantations in America, by the said Act, " made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, upon foreign Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, " and upon French Lawns, imported from " do cease and determine."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, w ho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Btli.~, pursuant to the id, 2d, 3d, 8th, 9th, 10th, nth, 1 ith, 13ti», and 14th Resolutions, which w'ere Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, by Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31 (I Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 1 oth, 17th, and 2 id Days of February last, and upon the 3d Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 ill Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command; and were then agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read; and also to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Vol 30.

Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and which have been agreed to by the House.

A Bill to enable the principal Officers and Conumf* Plymouth sioners of His Majesty’s Navy', to carry into execution Bock lard, certain Articles of Agreement, made for a I ease of Ground, for the Improvement of His Majesty *s Dock Yard, near Plymouth, was read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Nlajefi y’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Hill, gives His Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JJTezvctt Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pent on. Sir Thomas Cure, Sir Charles

Saunders, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Keppcla X_,ord

BrownlowBertie, Sir George Savile, Mr. Qfiua Id, \yr Ellis, Mr. Shi/fner, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mortony Nlr Fonereau, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Wedderburn, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Sir Fletcher Norton, Mr. Nl/

Whateley, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Robitifon, Mr. Toitch \fr*

Clive, Sir John Palmer, General Lamb ton, Mr. W/l/atinj.hJ

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fitzherbert, Lord Burgherfh, Nlr

Sir George Yonge, Mr. Parker, Mr. Howard, NX r

Mr. Tempest, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Whitwm Mr. Jackson, Mr. Cooper, Sir Charles Far n a by,

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Tufnell, Sir William Meredith Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Mrilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Farnaby reported from the Committee, to E>»rtford, whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; andhc reflC^ the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's^D-bte:

Where the Amendments were Once read. throu3 ut ’ and then a Second Time, One by One and, the Question severally7 put thereupon, -were agree<^ by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendtnents’ be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House,

according to Supply. Bill; Order, a Bill for explaining Part of an _A.£t, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. relating to the Removal, for Home Consumption, ’ of Spirits, made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty, upon the Importation of SilkCrapes, and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantit y of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, to Ireland, free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitt ing; the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for furtTier encouraging the Exportation and Importation of Rum, and other Spirits: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read el Second Time.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill»

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill forex- on

plaining and amending such Part of an Act, made in the Wines' fcc* Third Year of the Reign of His } >relent Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually fecit ring the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to inffert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India, Goods and Bugles exported to Africa j for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats

9 -Meal,

io° — I Maii. 1766.

Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act, made in the tail Session of Parliament, to the Islands of Jeifey, Guernsey, and Alderney; and for obviating certain Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the I Ioufe; find he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments wereOnceread throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;.and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Lottery. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had 'made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

of Coffee in it is Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, ami charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for ex eating and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took tire Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tueflay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service (;f the Year 1766.

And then the Floufe adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lu/ieC)12* Maii;

Anno 6* Georgii LIItU Regis, 1766.

The Floufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Imported Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con-into tinue an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Quebec. His present Majesty, for importing Salt from

into the Province of Quin America, for a limited Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Westminster The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Coal resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole I Ioufe, upon meuuremtDt t|ie to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abul’es committed in the Admeafu remen t of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westnwifter, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint . Holbourn, as lies in the County of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- rnittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Waif all and bun), and to Leigh Brook, and Ocher and from End, to Puppy Green and TiptonGreen, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Sand Beds, to the Walfalland Road, and from Church Bridge to BioxwChapel, and to Barn Hale, and Walsall aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, is committed.

Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Messuage, and late Dissolved Priory, of liyegate, in the County of Surrey, and also of several Freehold and Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Safer, late the Eftato of Sarah Parsons, Widow', deceased, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w'ithout any Amendment.

Supply Bill; ‘ The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Copper 3ar», Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth iS

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, commonly called by the several Names of Adderbury East-field, Cpatfeld, Adderbury Wef field, and Bod-

dicot field, and of several other odd Pieces of Open or Commonable Lands adjoining or belonging to the fame, or otherwise used therewith, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Simply Bilff Sinking fund.

MuckleJrCornef

6cq.

Rc*d.

Parfous#

Ellate.

Adderbury

1dcU>1u;c.

lLarl

ttrrrtiV

Efaue.

MocfcltjCorix

&c.

Road*

Ditto.

6 Geo. III.

12° Mail.

815

Resolve^d. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and metaling certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Adderbun), in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the

Bill to the Ijords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Mr. Fitzkerberl reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trullees, the settled Estate of ington, Earl Ferrers, in the County of , to be sold,

for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Rill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherber do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition 6f Samuel Corbett, and Sarah his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from Muckley Corner, to WalfalL and and other

Hoads, in the County of Staffordand that it is intended by the said Bill, to carry the Road from the Brook in WalfalL, over certain Lands belonging to the Right honourable the Countess of Mont rath,

Esquire, and Samuel Corbett, Gentleman, to Ableivell Street, in the Town of Walfull aforesaid; and to repair Ableivell Street, as far as tire Turnpike Road, leading from Waif all to Birmingham; and setting forth. That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Lands, over which the last-nientioned Road is intended to be made, from the Brook in Walsall, to Able-well Street; and that, if the Road should be carried as proposed, it would be attended with the utmost Disadvantage, not only to the Petitioners, but to the Inhabitants of the Town in general: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Coun-fel, against that Part of the said Bill, and to grant them such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other the principal Inhabitants and Freeholders, of the Parish of Walsall, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House, that if the said Road is carried over the Lands of the Right honourable the Countess of Mon-trath, Richard Perfehouse, Esquire, and Samuel Corbett, Gentleman, it will be extremely injurious to a great many of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of Walsall: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their CounfeJ, against that Part of the Road being carried over the aforesaid Lands; and likewise, that the said intended Turnpike Road, from Church Bridge to Walsall aforesaid, might terminate or end at the House of John Twijl, and not come into Park Street at all; or to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said

Vol. 30.

Bill, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Westminster holders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants of the County ^avu,&-of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Di.to. holders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants of the County of Hertford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for empowering the Commissioners for putting in execution, the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Scpiares, Streets, and Lanes, witlnnthe City and Liberty of Wijtminferand. Darts adjacent, to collect further Tolls, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said A els - aiKj ting forth, that the Petitioners are already burthened with heavy Tolls, on all the Avenues leading to the Metropolis; and, if those shouM lie increased, by additional Tolls to be granted by the said Bill, and applied to Purposesforeign to the Interests of the County, it would prove extremely prejudicial to Agriculture, and the Trade of the tame: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Comficleratfon and that they may be lueard, by theinfeives or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may ati'oci them, or that the House will grant them such other Relief, as shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Ditto.

fier, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill, and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law’ as it now Hands, it will increase the Price in every Necessary of Life confirmed within the said City and Cib^rty

And therefore praying, That they may be said

themselves or Counsel, against such Parts jystress Bill, as may contribute to increase the prefen1 £uCh of the Poor; or that the Petitioners may ^*ve other Relief, as to the House shall teem , a to

And the said Petitions were severally or®e

lie upon the Table.

Chelmer

River

Navigation.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Chelmer n vigable, from the Port of Malclon., to the lowpo Chelmsford, in the County of was read, the 1 hira

Time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for making the River Chelmer navigable, from the Port of Maidon, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That' Mr. Luther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing-, widening, and altering Dartford, several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the &c. County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to the Town of JOartford, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Farnaby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of* the Day, for the House WefhHnfter to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Thirty -second Year of the Reign, of his Jate Ma King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, mad? in the Nineteenth lear of His present Ma*

jesty’s

Coal AdHiOMuremeat

8i6

12

Mail

A. 17

Supply Bill; Copper Bars, Jcc.

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admea-fnrement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of ininster, and that Part of the Duchy of ad joining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles in

the Fields, Saint Mary Le Bon, and such Part of the

Parish of Saint Andmv, Jlolbouas lies in the Comity

of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reporter! from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Ptemium upon Marts, Yards, and Bow-fprits. Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Salt ' imported into Quebec.

Tunbridge to , Maid (lone Road.

ice.

Road.

Ryton

lucloAire.

Supply Bill;

Duty on Crapes, &.C.

Amendments

m were

Once read throughout; and then

Regulating

Apprentice*,

Ac.

Southwark

Street*.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt, from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Apprentices, and Persons working under Contract, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys,

and Passages, adjoining thereto; 'anil for preventing Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidjhme, and from IValts CroJ's, to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tunbridge to without-

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BicMynden, for amending and widening the Road from the Town ‘ of Biddenden, in the Weald of AVw£, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fcversham, at a Place called Bound Gate, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heaths, and Waste Lands or Grounds, in the Hamlet, or Township of otherwise Buy ton, in the Parish of in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter de la Roche-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And tlrcn the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for explaining Part of an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Removal, for Home Consumption, of Spirits, made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk C rapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, to Ireland, free of Duty, for the life of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Ific of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for further encouraging the Exportation and Importation of Rum, and other Spirits; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending such Part of an Act, made in ihe Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more ealy collecting, and effectually securing, the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relateto certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Africa; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats*

Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the Bland* of Jersey, Gvernfey, and Alderney; and for obviating certain Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending such Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Whies

im-

Supply Till;

Duties on

\Vine4,&c»

6 Geo. III.

12

Mail

817

imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing, the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures and other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Af rica; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, wad Alderney, and for obviating certain Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

B»K; An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer-'otte,y* tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 5. To leave out "One Million Five,’* and insert " Nine" instead thereof.

Pr. 27. I. 18. After " with," to insert " the" and to leave out " said."

1. 22. To leave out from " Purposes," to " directed" in 1. 23. and insert " of " this Act, as by the Commissioners "of the Treal'ury, or the High " Treasurer for the Time being " shall be. "

1. 24. To leave out from appointed," to " and" in I. 25.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fevefally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raffing the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account; The House being informed, That Mr. from

Bwuriy. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Brandies, imported an 1 exported, from Christmas 1751 to mas 1765; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Way's and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved among!! the other Papers of Cfiis Session.

General Mr. Upton reported from the Committee, appointed to

Index consider of a proper Plan for making a General Index to Journals. to t^e printed J ournals of this House, and who were ordered to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth- viz.

Vox.. 30.

Several Plans for making such a General Index having been laid before yotir Committee, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, to desire Mr. Speaker to order a General Index to be instantly set about, and carried on under his Direction; and by such Person or Persons as he shall think properly qualified, and shall appoint for that Purpose,

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That Mr. Speaker be desired to order a General Index to the Journals of this House, to be instantly set about, and carried on under his Directions, and by such Person or Persons as he shall think properly qualified, and shall appoint for that Purpose.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to he advanced to such Person or Persons, as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to assure His ^NXEyeflv that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members yd this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question beino- Du<. o That the ingrossed Bill for repealing the several Duties* DutL^on’ upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting Window*, to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, 'SVindows &c*

and Lights, be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeasj J ,04.

Tellers for the Noes.[ wZl^Fhr& \ 5'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be ac’ded to Bill, by way of Ryder, for making separate Affe®£fteD't8 for the First Half Year.

And the said Clause was Twice read, -with "01a°. 5 which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreecl to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 22. To leave out " Third," and insert " Eleventh" instead thereof; and to leave out " November," and insert " October," instead thereof.

I.35. After "imposed," to insert " except " such Parts only of the said Acts " as are hereby altered."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table aecordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day bein g read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and MeaR*-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Ordered, That it be an I nflruftion to the said Committee; that they do consider of a proper Encouragement for increasing the Exportation of Ilempen

9 Cordage,

818 12° — 13 "Mail: A.t /66.

Cordage, manufactured in Great Britain-, and alsoof the Drawbacks of the Duties on Hemp re-exported.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to movg, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confi-<ler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Brandy, Spirits, and Aqua Vitae.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways apd Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

General The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Warrant!. whole House, to consider further of the Bill to restrain the issuing of any Warrant for seizing Papers, except in the Cafes of Treason or Felony without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive‘the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Account; Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey have Leave to Spirits. make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from Corn, from Midsummer 1757 to Midsummer 1765; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits, distilled from Melasses, from Midsummer 1757 to Midsummer 1765; distinguilli-ingeach Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Malt and Melasses Spirits, exported from Midsummer 1757 to Midsummer 1765; diliinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Prefcot have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

*9

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A-c^t; Account of all the Foreign Rough Hemp, exported from Hen p. Great Britain to Foreign Parts, during the last Seveu Years, ending at Christmas 1765; distinguishing the Quantity in each Year, and the Pluees to which it has been exported, with the Amount of the Drawback paid, or to be paid, on the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Cordage exported from Great Bri<-tain, to Foreign Parts, during the last Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1765; diliinguishing the Quantity in each Year, and the Places to which it has been exported.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Maii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Roche’s Nat.

for naturalizing Peter de la Roche, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Siipply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sinking upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty, a certain Fund’ Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which Ihou'd arise by the Sale of the Ceded IHands, being applied to the public Service, be referral to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of fitch Part of the Sinking Fund, on the Fifth Day of April 1766, as was subject to tire Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterfontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bacon, according to Order, reported from the West.TunfKT Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to CJoal continue an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

General

Warrant!.

Militia Vay and Clothing.

Silk

Manufacture.

Framework

knitted

Goods

Manufactory.

6 Geo. III.

130 — 140 Mail

8*9

tituled, An Act for continuing, amending, explaining, now Handing near the Spurn Point, at the Month o L-, and making more effectual, an Act* made in the Nine- the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient teenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Light-Houses, in dead thereof, without any Amend*

An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and ment: And also,

Abuses committed in the Admealiirement of Coals, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

within the City and Liberty of Westmiujier, and that for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Coin* Part of the Dueby of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and mons, or Vi aite Grounds, situate, lying1, and being

the several Parities of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint within the Manors of and If ales, in the County

Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Pari 111 of Saint An- of York, without any Amendment.

at

Spurn Point. Aftoa

and

Wale*

Indot'ure.

drew, llolboum, as lies in the County of was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made^ by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read

That this House will, upon Thursdcnj "Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrofiing, or printing, in His Majesty’s £)0. minions in America, upon unstamped Paper, Vellum or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain StamU Duties, and other Duties in the Colonies and

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving Plantations in; and for making good and the Report from the Committee of the whole House, valid all Writings, Ingrollings, and Printing-s, wrote upon the Bill to restrain the issuing of any Warrant ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ir/c*roiled* for seizing Papers, except in the Cafes of Treason or or printed, upon undamped Paper, which, by Felony without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Re- Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void udou gulations, was committed, be now read. Payment of certain Sums of Money. 3 ,

America; Indemnity for Unstampt Paper;

And the said- Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Bacon reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as fur as To. i. 1. 8, being severally read

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Dav Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the State of the Corn Trade of this Kingdom, and the several Laws relating thereto.

Corn

Trade.

Sn

That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, put thereupon, postponed. upon the Bill for explaining Part of an Act, made in

The refidae of the Amendments being severally read the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put lating to the Removal, for Home Consumption\ thereupon, agreed to by the House. Spirits, made for Exportation; for laying an a

The postponed Amendments being again read, were, tional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crap69 ft upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a ?ex[and by the House. Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, to -rC.

Oi dered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be free of Duty, for the Use of the ^vFa.riuiactu*cr.s ingrossed. for permitting the Importation into this

from the Isle of Man, of a certain Ciuantity A Message from the Lords, by Mr. 1iolfordand and for further encouraging the Exportation and Mr. Graves: portation of Rum, and other Spirits.

Mr. Speaker, . e

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ordered, That the Report from the Committee 0! Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of the whole House, to whom it was referred to connder Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

ippty Bill f Duiies on

Crape*. c.

Way*

ana

Mean*;

Clothing of the Militia, of that Part of Great Britain, called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain, called England, w ithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the fraudulent Marking of Frame-work knitted Pieces, and Stockings, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

granted to Morning.

His Majesty, be received Tomorrow

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the dock.

Mercurit\ 14- j

Anno 6* Georgii III*11 Hegis, 1 76S.

Prayers.

A Message from His NT t*;j efty> by Sir Francis iteux. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this "Honourable House to attend for taking down, and removing certain Light-Houses, His Majesty, immediately* of Peers.

Vol. 30. Accord-

Royal

A(1cnt

to

BilU.

e

820 140 Mail. A. 17

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the'House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for redeeming One Third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act, made in the 3d Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and tendering more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, pasted in the Second, Fourth, and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen, employed in the Silk Manufacture.

An Act to prevent the fraudulent Marking of Framework knitted Pieces and Stockings.

" An Act to extend an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary,

and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and unlawful Exporters of Wool,

" and for declaring the Law, upon some points, relative to Pirates," to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom.

An Act for taking down, and removing certain Light-Houses, now Handing near the Spurn , at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-Houses instead thereof.

An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth, in the County of York; and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade, within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

An Act for the better regulating Apprentices, and Persons working under Contraft.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Soutand certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing,

- *5

lighting, and watching, the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

An Act for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the City of and for open-

ing several new Streets, and Passages, within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers* of the several Acts passed, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, and other Places within the said City, and Liberties thereof.

An Act to enable His Majesty to exchange the Lands, of Fernan and Lit, in the County of Perth, for other Lands, belonging to the Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

An Act for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wi Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River MerJ'ey, at or near lluncorn Gap.

An Act for making the River Soar navigable from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicester-, and for making navigable Cuts,

or Canals, from the said River Soar, to or near The Rujhes, and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, between Beiodley and Titton Brook, in the County of to cross

the River Trent, at or near Hei/wood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Lane, to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of and in Pur-

beck, in the County of Dorset.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Yrears of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lanr cafier\to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of in the County of Berks, and from Newbury, to Chilton Pond, and Newtown River.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from High Bullen, in Wto the further

End of Darlafion Lane, next the Portway, and from

thence, through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine-Mile Stone, from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tupton New IncloJ'ure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of AJlioycr, in the County of Derby.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge, to and from Walts

Cross, to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the faipe relates to the Road from to Maidstone.

An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald Kent, through the Towns of Smar den and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road, which leads from Athford to Feverfiam, at a Place called Bound Gate.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from

6 Geo. III. i f Mail. 821

from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to near the Town

of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chef-

terton, through Audley and to Ghorjty

HiU.

An Act for vesting Part of a Messuage, with the Appurtenances,.intailed by the Will of the most noble Charles late Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing another Messuage or Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

An Act for vesting the Mansion House of the Earl and Countess of Powis, in Albemarle Street, now settled on them and their Issue, in Trustees, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, devised by the Will of John late Earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, and for applying the Monies arising by such’ Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses limited by the said Will.

An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of IFajkington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch, Baronet, and his Sow, Thomas Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch, and their Guardians, and the Guardians of their Sons, during their Minority, to grant building Leafesof certain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the same Town, for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a Church Yard, and to exchange some Lands there.

An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Messuage, and late Dissolved Priory, of Ryegate, in the County of Surrey, and also of several Freehold and Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Surrey and Suffer, late the Estate of Sarah Widow,

deceased, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame.

An Act for the Sale and Disposition of Part of the settled Estate of Thomas JJoyd, Esquire.for paying and discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the fame, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement.

An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates late of Robert Nedham, Esquire, deceased, situate in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of Five hundred Years, to George Nedham, Esquire; for confirming an

Agreement made between the Widow and Children of the said Robert Nedham; and for veiling Part of the said Robert Nedham.'s said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances, affecting such Estates; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and F.ffex, and in the City of London, late the Estate of Piggott I nee, Esquire, deceased, and Mary fate the Wife, and now the Widow, of the said Piggott Ince, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance of certain Agreements, and for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned; and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein expressed.

An Act to establish a Proposal made by William Constable, Esquire, to the G ojemors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, Vox,. 30,

in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry °^*to a Cobb Sand, in the County of York. Bills.

An Aftfurdividing and inclolingfeveral Open Fields,

Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying* and being within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kimberly, in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of netby upon tke Woulds, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain. Open Grounds, or Pallures, and some Parts of a certain IVioor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Howes, in the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosingcertain Open Arable Fields, Meadow, Pallure, and Waste Grounds, in

Parishes of Scothom and Sudbrooke, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for inclosing and dividing a Common, called Thorpe Marsh, and a Piece of Land, called Grzirn ble within the Parish of Barmby upon Dunn, in the Coim/v of York. y

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corby, in the County coln.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts, and Territories, of Sitt ion, GanJlead,

Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and Fair-

holme, North Skirlaugh, Rozvton, Arnold, Long Leven, Heigholme, and Hallytree H, JBrandes Burton, and Burshall, FJke, Tickton, Weel, Mfau*’

and Waghen, otherwise Watcn, in , hi the

East Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Coi^0

Fields, Common Pallures, Common Grounds,

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and PaT'v

Harlefione, in the County of Northampton. r ra,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open an<y mon Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Commonable 1^'* and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton Rrom wife Laighton Ecclesia, in the County of UunUngao11'

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain OpeijL Lands, Meadow’s, and Free Commons, in the Parish 01 Kettlethorpe, in the County of Liricoln.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certaiq Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship of Rat-cliffe Culey, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, Heath, and alle Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Kings in the County of Northampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Lands or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Township of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkington, in the County of Warwick.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the County of 9 ,

822

14° Mali. A. 1766.

Lincoln, in Trustees; and to enable them to appropriate the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of Money, subject to the Trulls declared by the Will of Sir Michael Warlon, Knight, deceased, for the Augmentation

of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John, in Beverley, in the County of and for erecting an Organ in the said Church; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable Richard Burton, Esquire, and his Issue, to bear and use the Surname and Arms of Phillip- son, pursuant to the Will of John Esquire,

deceased.

An Act for naturalizing John Peter

Cornud, Renifa Bentinck, Aymerc Mavit, Jujtus enhagen, Francis Menet, and John Abraham Haldimand.

An Act for naturalizing Laurence Charkffon.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Facon and John James Toumeifen.

General Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their

Index to Address of Monday last, that His Majesty would be gra-

Journals. ciou(ly pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons, as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Supply Bill; Mr. Palerson, according to Order, reported from the Sinking Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Fund. granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out

of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Altering An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act A Oarif°n ^or a^tei'inp the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws therein Copper Bar*, mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the &c- Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported;

to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations' in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for-enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Par-f liament; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Mercli:v'.<lize exported and red no

ing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mafis, Yard.-, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in I lis Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon lb- 1

reign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails

with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Salt Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor >mP°r(ed importing Salt from Eurojie, into the Province of U’c?- Quebec. bee, in America, for a limited Time, was read the Third I

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fourth '1 ear I

of the Reign of 1 lis present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of 'duebee, in America, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the 7

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Riteiof posed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re- Foreign Com pealing the several Acts of the Sixth Year of the Reign Americ*. of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for aftertait i igthe Rates of foreign Coins in America, and of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, relating to foreign Coins, and to Paper Bills of Credit in America; and for authorizing and ascertaining the

Value of a Paper Currency, and the Rates of Silver and Gold, in all Payments, in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America-,

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill to restrain the issuing of any War- General rant for seizing Papers, except in the Cafes of Treason, Warrant*, or Felony without Benefit of Clergy, under certain Regulations, was read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. ‘

TeHersfor theY^l^f^-. } 55.

Tellers for the Noes, j Pemnnl. } l6- '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Tille he. An Act to prevent the Inconveniences and Dangers to the Subject from searching for and seizing Papers, by establishing proper Regulations, in such Cases where searching for and’seizing Papers is justistable by Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and ,are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Gallon of single Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vitas, imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas,

not being the Produce of the British Colonies and Plantations,

Way. and Meant.

6 Geo. III.

H

Mail.

823

tations, there be paid, by the Importer, before landing, an additional Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Gallon of Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, commonly called double Brandy, imported into Great Britain, from beyond the Seas, not being the

Produce of the said Colonies and Plantations, there be paid, by the Importer, before landing, an additional Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Six Pence per Gallon of the Duty, imposed by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, upon all Rum arid Spirits of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture, of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, be taken off.

RefoLvecl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Six Pence and One Shilling per Gallon, on Brandy Spirits, and Aqua Vitae, imported, not being the Produce of the Bri Colonies and Planta--tions, be applied to the same Lies, as the Duties laid on Brandy Spirits, and Aqua Vitae, by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of Kin gGeorgthe Second, were made

applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for encouraging the Exportation of Hempen Cordage man ufaCUired, in Great Britain, from Hemp imported from Foreign Parts, and also from Hemp of the Growth of Great Britain, there be allowed, upon the Exportation thereof, a Bounty of Two Shillings and Four Pence Three Farthings for every Hundred Weight of such Cordage so exported; the said Bounty to be paid upon Exportation out of the Net Duties, which have been, or shall be, paid upon the Importation of all foreign I Iemp into this Kingdom.

Rrfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the encouraging the Exportation of Hempen Cordage manufactured in Great Britain, the Drawback of Two Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, now payable on all foreign Hemp exported from to Fo-

reign Parts, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Part of the Duties, laid by a Resolution of this House, of the Tenth Day of this inilant May, upon Sugars imported into this Kingdom, from any British Colony, or Plantation on the Continent of America, as shall arise over and above the Duties now payable upon Sugars so imported, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Three Shillings, laid by a Resolution of this House, of the said Day, upon every Piece of Cambrick and French Lawns, exported from this Kingdom to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be also paid into the said Receipt, and reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, postponed.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read & Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two First of the said Resolutions, which had been postponed, being again read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, which had also been postponed, being again read;

Vol. 30.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereunto; viz. ^,

To leave out "the said" and insert. "an’ instead thereof; and to leave out "were made," and insert " are now" instead thereof.

And the Question being put* That the Words " the " said" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " an" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the WOrds c‘ were " made" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words arf»

" now" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That the said Duties of Six Pence and One Shilling per Gallon, on Brandy Spirits and Aqua Vitae imported, not being the Produce of the British Colonies and Plantations, be applied to the same Uses, as the Duties laid on Brandy Spirits, and Aqua Vitae, by an Act of the Thirty-third Year of^Kino-George the Second, are now applicable. 0

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in pllr_ suant to the ill, 2d, 4th, 5th, and 6th Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have, with Amendments to One of them, been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Paterson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thomas Tawnjhend, junior, Mr.

Onjlmo, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Generali Mr. Cooper, Mr. Oswald, and Mr. P, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, American who are appointed to prepare and bring i n a Bill, or Bills, Coiouies. pursuant to the ift, ?.d, 3d, 8th, 9th, 10th, nth, i?th>

13th, and 14th of the Resolutions which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the vAio'e House, to whom it was referred to consider further several Papers, which were presented to the house> Y Mr. Secretary Conway, upon the 14th, 2. ad, 27^,2,8 f and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5^’ }° A 17th, and 2 ift Days of February last, and uponi,"e?

Day of March last, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 21st Days of last, by His Majesty’s Command, and were then aSr^e , to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Two last of the Resolutions, this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have, with Amendments to One of them, been agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for encouraging the Importation into this Kingdom, of foreign Coffee, to be reexported.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to chaplain His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to con- to the House. fer some Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Mr. Richat-d Palmer, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented-to His Majesty by such Members of tlx is House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House. an Account of all the Soap exported from Great Britain, to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, now under the Dominion, of the Crown of Great Britain, from Christmas 1761 to Christmas 1764; distinguishing each Year.

Account j Soap.

ri,.

Wifi most Means.

Supply Bill;

Duty on Crapes, See.

Private

Bufiaeft.

Muckley

Comer,

&c.

Road.

General

Highway

Arts.

14° — 150 Mail. 17 66.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-1 y granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining Part of an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Removal, for Home Consumption, of Spirits, made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, to,

free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for further encouraging the Exportation and Importation of Rum, and other Spirits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Palerson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15# dig Maii;

Anno 6* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1766.

Pray f. rs.

/~\Rdered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow, to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Muckl to and

Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook, and , and

from Toll End, to Puppy Green and Tipton , and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Moxley Sand Beds, to the IValfall and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge to Bloxwich Chapel, and to Barn Hales, and Walsall aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was committed.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts, the one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; and the other passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Part of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

*9

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ;ifier-' wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and theu a Second Time, One by'

One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Muckley the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner, to Waif all and Wednand to Leigh

Brook, and Ocker Hill, and from Toll End, to Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Moxley Sand Beds, to the Waif all and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge to Bloxwich Chapel, and to Barn Hales and W,alfall aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, LandOwners, and Inhabitants in thefeveralParilhesofZ>ar/<7/?t>», If7//^H/jci//, and Hamlet of Bloxwich, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, was referred, That the Committee had: examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whieft they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 2(ilh Day of this instant May.

The Ix>rd Coleraine reported from the Committee, ij^hwari who were appointed to inquire into the Management Application and Application of all such Sums of M oney as have been of

collected, within Twelve Years last past, by virtue of any Money. Act of Parliament, for repairing any particular Highway, and to report the Matters as they shall appear to ' them, together with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appearing to your Committee, from the Evidence of Mr. Dalby, Clerk to the Trustees for repairing the Road from Tetbury towards Cirencester, in the County of

Gloucester, that the Act of Parliament now in Force, for repairing the said Road, was not properly executed; that the foils were greatly evaded; and that great Part of the said Road was Hill in a bad Condition, came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Carriages are permitted to travel upon the said Road, drawn by more Horses than are allowed by Act of Parliament; and that the Toll Renters take an extraordinary Price for such Horses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Road in many Parts is not of sufficient Width, and that the Number of Quarries, upon the Sides thereof, makes it dangerous for Travellers.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there is no Surveyor appointed for the said Road, but the Road let out to Day Labourers, and Men that give no Security for performing their Contracts.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fowler, from the Westminster Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Paving. Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Sunday Tolls;

distin-

Corner,

See.

Road.

6 Geo. III. ' ifMaii.

distinguishing the Sum collected at each Gate, from the That the Bill* with the Amendments, be

Commencement thereof, being the 31st Day of March, ingrossed.

1765, to the 24th Day of March 1766 iiiclusive.

And then he withdrew. The Order of the Day being read, for. the.House to Westminster

And the Title of the said Account was read* ' fefolve itself into a Cothmittee of the whole House, P«ioj.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the upon the Bill to amend, and consolidates the several Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Arts passed in the 2d, 3d, 4th* and 5th Years of His The said Account is preferred ainongil the other present Majdiy’s Reign, for paving, cleansing-, and Papers of this Session. lighting, the Squares, Streets, and I^anes, within the

City and Liberty of , and other Places in

Account; The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from the said Arts mentioned, and for preventing Aimoy-Spiriis. the Commissioners of the Kxcifc, attended at the Door; ances therein; and for other Purposes;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the That this House will, upon this Day Six

Ilottfe, pursuant to their Orders, Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

An Account of the Quantities of Spirits dillilled from House, upon the said Bill,

Corn, from Midsummer 1757 to MidJ'ummer 1765; dif-

tinguishing each Year: And also, _ A Petition Of the Reverend James Robinjony Doctor pr;rii

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits distilled from >n Divinity, the Minister, Church Wardens, and the *®e* Melasses, from Midsummer 1757 to Midsummer 1765; Vestry Men, of the Parish of St, John's in Dublin, was distinguilhingeach Year. presented to the House; and the same relating to the

And then he withdrew.- Right honourable the Lord Viscount Conyngham, in

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ordered,! hat the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. until the Lord Conyngham do come into the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the Ordered, That the Lord Conyngham do attend this other Papers of this Session. House, in his Place, upon the z8th Day of

this Instant May.

Regulating A Bill to explain, amend, and render more eflertual,

Build ings an Art made in the Fourth Year of IIis present Majesty’s Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the ®

w ft1" Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to House, according to Order, a Bill for opening and TmiLtc* *

n’in prevent Mischiefs that may happen by.Fire, within the establishing certain Ports in the Islands of and Port*.

Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exporta-incnfioned, was read a Second Time. tion of certain Goods and Merchandises; And the

1Wd.ved, That the Bill be committed to Lor.d Work- same was received, and read the First Time. ’ - '

xcertiuMr. Duller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Gray, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-

Mi-. Thr ale, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Ragot, Ordered, lhat the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Upton, Lord Grey, Mr. Sou tincell. Sir

Charles Mor daunt. Lord Orwell, Mr. Hume, Nr. Shif-A Motion was made, That Leave "be given to bring man^ured ner, Mr. Vansittart, Lori! Coleraine, Mr. Nugent, Dr. in a Bill, for permitting Soap manufactured m in

Hay, Mr. Burt, Mr. Dempfer, Mr. Tliurlow, Mr. Rey- to be imported from thence into any of His Majesty Ireland.

nolds, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Richard Philips, Sir John Gib-Colonies and Plantations in America. e

born, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Paterson, Sir Edmund Thomas, And the said Motion was, with Leave of the u

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Tozcnjhend, Mr. Alderman withdrawn.

Bedford, Mr . Plumpfre, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr Fuller, ' America-

Mr. Whitxeorfh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ewer, Mr. Hujke, Mr. The Order of the Day being read, for tRe H06 . i,emnity Difon, Mr. Delava I; and all the Members who serve resolve itself into a Committee of the whole D°u‘ > for for the Counties of Middlefcr, Hertford, Essex, Bucks, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have incurred, unstamp*4 Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this After- or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing. Paper, noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ingrafting, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in and all who come are to have Voices. . Amupon undamped Paper, Vellum, or Parch-

ment, contrary to an Art passed. I aft Session of Parlia-Ametica; ’ Mr. Fuller presented to the Hon fe, according to Order, ment, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties,

repealing a Bill for repealing certain Duties, in t he British Colonies and other Duties, in the Colonies and Planta-

Dutlcs* and Plantations, granted by several Arts of Parliament, tions in America; and for malcing good and valid all and also the Duties imposed, by an Art, made in the last Writings, Ingrossings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed,

Session of Parliament, upon certain East India ’Goods or printed, or which shall he wrote, ingrossed, or exported from Great Britain, and for granting other printed, upon unstamped Paper, which, by the said Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, re- Art, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon gulating, and securing, 'several Branches of the Trade Payment of certain Sums of Money.

-of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America:Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

And the same w as received; and read the First Time. ing, resolve itself into the said. Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Altering Preferration Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Abjuration Timber Trees Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preserva- the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

tion of Timber Trees, and Woods, Underwoods, Roots, altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance;

Shrubs, and Plants, was committed, That the Committee Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Moru-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ing, resolve itself into the said Committee, ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report

to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to w

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, resolve itself into a Comm it.tee of the whole House, to and M*ani.

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were eonlider further of Ways and Means for raising the ’

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Supply granted to His Majesty; by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Jtpon, were agreed to by the House; and-an Amend- mittee, that they do eonlider of proper Methods for ment was made, by the House, to the Bill. raising Monies to defray the Expence of carrying into

Vox.. 30. execution

Supply Bill;

Etaty on Crapes, &c.

Private

ufintfl.

826 15® — ii 6"Maii. 1766.

execution, such Provisions as may be made for opening certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandises, and for maintaining, fe-opring, and improving such Ports.

Ordered,l<bai it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods into this Kingdom, from such Ports in the Island of Dominica.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods, into the Island of Dominica.

Then the House, refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Paterson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, the 23d Day of this Infiant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining Part of an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Removal, for Home Consumptjdh, of Spirits, made for Exportation j for laying an/addition?l Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certai n Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, to Ireland, free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for further encouraging the Exportation and Importation of Rum, and other Spirits; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment*, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die;

Anno 6* Georgii III"4 Regis, 1766,

Praters.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of ft* Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon, this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Sir Charles Keniys Tynte reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund Morton Pley dell, Esquire, in the Counties of York and Lincoln, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,'and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent.to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. v Resolved, That the Bill do j>afs.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Keniys Tynte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, Without any Amendment.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Prescott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-m&de Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 26th Day of thislnstant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and also the Duties imposed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America; was read a Second Time.

Jtefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday, Seven-night, the 26th Day of this Infiant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill-

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings, Sterling

Money,

Plrv^ell’s

Estates*

Committees

Adjoimrnmevt-

Supply BIO; Exportation of Cordage.

Supply Bill; Jamaica Ports.

America; repealing certain Duties.

Ways and Means.

Ways and Means.

6 Geo. III.

16 Mali.

S27

Money, be paid for every Negro which flutll be ex- allowing the Ccrnte^Ttnee, from^t^tX^tkampUrn Convey*.^ ported in Foreign Vesselsfrom thelfland of Jamaica.and Portsmouth, to the Portxtf07a?«,itilhfc nre'of Wight, Qoods

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited jo^benpion

That a Duty of One Pound and Ten Shillings, Sterling to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattlfc, the < Venm

Money, be paid for every Negro which shall be im- said Ports, without Coqu&tS being taketvof B'0*ndS&i-ported into the Island of Dominica. tered into, for that Purpose: And that Ml*. ‘OoopetMr.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this'Committee, Chancellor of the Exchequer. Lord John Ctfb&n&Sfli, Mr.

That a Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be paid for Thomas Toumjhend, junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. A'ttWney every Barrel of Beef and Pork, which shall be imported General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do

into the said Island of Dominica. prepare, and bring in the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That it be an InttruCHon to the said (reftfthe-.

That a Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be paid for men, that they do make Provision in the fhrd feil^ for every Firkin of Butter, which shall be imported into extending an Act, made in the 29th Year of th£ Reign the said Island. of King Charles the Second, intituled, An AO: for

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of iti the That a Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be paid for Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar which to the Me of Man.

shall be imported into the said Island.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ah ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, triads m *ijp

That a Duty of Two Shillings, Sterling Money, be paid Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late for every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa, which George the Second, intituled, An Act for Admea/

shall be imported into the said Island. amending, explaining, and making more fesse^tual meat.0'9’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His prefect L* n lat a Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be paid for jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act more efteftua/lv t a — u — 1 — j xf.i./r. — — i,:,k /i.,n: — — — the Frauds and Abuses . v

That

every Hundred Gallons of Melasses, which shall be im- prevent the Frauds and Abuses cdttttttittfe*| *«.

ported into the said Island. Admeafnretnent of Coals, within the City and tl

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, berty of IVefbninfler, and that Part of the JOucfnj of That a Duty of Six Pence, Sterling Money, be paid for Lanatfler adjoining thereto, and the several Patrfhes every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, which of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary Lb Port, shall be imported into the said Island. Part of the Parish of Andrew, Holbottm* as lies in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

That the said Duties shall be applied in defraying the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Expence of carrying into execution such Directions and be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-fe-Regulations, as may be given and made, by any Act cond Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, in this Session of Parliament, for opening and eft a- for continuing, amending, explaining, ana making more blishing any Ports in the said Islands, for the more effectual, an Act made -in the Nineteenth Year of bi» free Importation and Exportation of Goods and Mer- said Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Ffattds chandise, and for maintaining, securing, and improving, and Abuses committed in the Admeafnretnent of Goals, such Ports. within the City and Liberty of Weshnirytcr, and Other

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Places therein mentioned That no other Duties be paid upon the Importation of any Foreign American Goods, into any such Port in the Island of Dominica.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Goods of AmericanVrodxxce, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, from such Ports as maybe so opened in the said Island of Dominica, be deemed Fo-

Ordered, That Mr. Sandysdo carry the 0*

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better T^reservatioti of^1^' ber Trees, and of Woods, Underwoods, Roots, ShruDS,

and Plants, was read the Third Time. . P,rervation.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A.tid that the^Tftf

reign, and be made subject to the same Duties respect be. An Act for the better Preservation of Tittiher Trees, tively, as are now payable upon the Importation of the and of Woods, and Underwoods, and for the further like Goods, of the Produce of the French Plantations in Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and "Plants.

America, except only certain Quantities of Sugars, Cof- Ordered, That Sir William Beaitch ampProtHor do carry

fee. Cocoa, Pimento, and Ginger, the Amount of the the Bill to the Lords, and deflre -tlveir Concurrence. Importation w hereof shall be limited, under proper Regulations and Restrictions, in respect of the Produce of The House being informed, that. Tomkytis, from the said Goods, within the said Island. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, he was called in; and, at the Sat, presented to the That the said Duties be appropriated to such Uses as House, pursuant to their Orders,

the Duties upon such Foreign Goods are now applica- An Account of all Foreign Rough Hemp, exported ble unto. from England, to all Foreign Parts, from

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second 1758 to Christmas 1765; distiraguishing the Quantity Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- in each Year, and the Places to -which it hds been Coupon, agreed to by the House. ported, with the Amount of tlxe 13 taw back payable on

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said the same: And also.

An Account of the Cordage, exported from England, to Foreign Parts, from Chri/tmaS 1758 to Chrijhnas 1765; distinguishing the Quantity in each Year, and the Places to which it has been exported; And also.

An Account of all the Soap exported from England, to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, now under the Dominion of the Crown of Great Britain, from Christmas 1.761 to Christmas 1764.

Timber

Tree*.

Account*; Cordage and Soap.

Resolutions: And that Mr. Paterson, Wlr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord John Mr. Thomas

Tmvnjhendjunior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, that, they do make Provision in the said Bill, for encouraging the Importation of Goods, into this

Kingdom,

exported.

from the Island of Dominica, to be re-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Voi. 30.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House

The

Way* and Means-

America!

indemnity for

Undamped saper.

Altering

Abjuration

Oath.

General

Warrants.

828

‘ Thd said Accounts are preferred amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, 'who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the ill, 2d, 4th, 5th, and 6th of the ' Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means fot- railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, and whiohwere, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, to prolong the Time allowed, for keeping Rum in Warehouses, under Bonds.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred; or may incur, Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrofTing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in , upon un-

' stamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act, palfed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for

making good and valid all Writings, IngrofTings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which shall be w rote, ingrossed, or printed, upon undamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ' lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the iq^rossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fuller took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fuller reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Whaleley do carry to the Lords, the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Inconveniences and Dangers to the Subject from searching for and seizing Papers, by establishing proper Regulations, in such ‘ Cafes where searching for and seizing Papers is juf-tiliable by Law; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

A. 17

yovist 22° Maii>

Anno 6* Georgii III"' Regis, 1-66

Prayers.

A Petition of John James Chevalier w’as presented to the House, and read: praying. That his Name may be inserted in the Bill, depending in the House, for naturalizing Peter de la Roche.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Infirudion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Friday Jail, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which were then agreed to by the I Ioufe; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for securing the Duties payable in respect of Goods imported into the British Colonies in upon such Goods

as shall be imported there from the Island of Dominica.

Ordered, That it be an Ir.strudion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Cowes, in the Ille

o f Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into, for that Purpose; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for appointing the Ports and Places for flopping and landing of Goods in the Isle of Man.

Mr. llewett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, to carry int® execution certain Articles of Agreement, made for a Lease of Ground, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Dock Yard near Plymouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of thq Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time^ One by One; and, upon the Qudliori fevefally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, fectiring, and improving certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandises; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica, into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island, into any other British Colony: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

16* — 220 Maii,

Chevalier’s

Nar.

Ways 'and Means.

Conveyance of certain Goods from Southampton to Cowrs.

Plymouth Dock Yard,

Supply Bill: Jam Tiv'j. Poi'i.

Supply Bill; Duties on Spirits.

Conveyance of certain Goods from Southampton to Cowce.

Supply Bill* fcxporutioi) of Cordage.

Supply Bill? Sinking Fund.

Altering

Abjuration

Oaib.

6 Geo. III.

ai* Maii.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time allowed for keeping Rum in Warehouses under Bonds: And the same was received; and read the'First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Paterson presented ' to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouthto the Port 6f Corves, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported; and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Port*, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Pur pose; and for extending an Act made in the Twenty-niuth Year of the Reign of King the Second,

for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courte of 'King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island: And the same was-received; and read the ’First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain* Monies therein mentioned, for the Ser-vice of the Year 1766, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1766; and for further appropriating the Supplies granteo in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill

" Of certain I a* and ’*<*-

" tiemed, to Persons of Mtgh Ttta-

" ion, or suspect®^ of Treason.

The said Amendments as for as the Amendment to the Title of tile Bill being severally read a ’Second Time, were, upon %he <-imotion fev orally put there-upon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment to the 'Title of the Bill being rftfd a Second Time;

An Amendment' was proposed to be made thereto:by leaving out the Word " suspected," and biferting the Word " Misprision" instead thereof.

And the Question being pat, That ttie^Wotd "iiifpefted" stand Part Of the said Ameitdwent;

Itpaffedin the Negative.

And the ftueftIon being-pot, That ufaeWoftf

"prifion" be inferred inlheud there

It was resolved in the Aihrmatite.

Then the said Amendf nent, upon

foe Qaeftiotjr put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining Part*(*n Act, madk

in the 2d Year of the Reign of His pres^nt Majesty, te- Crapes, Ac lating to the Removal, for -Hotae Con fumption, of Spirits, made for Exportation; for Haying ah ‘additional Duty upon the Importation'of'Silk-Crapes and Tiffk-nies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega land Gum Arabic, to flite

of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, froth the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for further encouraging the Exportation’Sind Importation of Rum, and other Spirits rdail the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for-e*pkun*ng Part ofan Act, made in the ad Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Removal, for Home Consumption^ Qf § made for Exportation; fortying an additional Duty upon the Importation of bilk Crapes and Tiffanies for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gtim Senega and Gum Arabic, to Ireland, freeof Duty for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for altering certain Regulations relating to the Tonnage of Ships, exporting and importing Spirits.

Ordered, That Mr. Paterson do carry the Bill to’the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Whitworth reported from die Committee, to Mr. Fuller, according to Order, reported from the ‘ whom the Bill for putting the Road from Charges-Street Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed to Hyde Park and from the Southend oiPark

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering the Lane, to the North'Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish

Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, was committed, of Saint George, Hanover , in County of

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Middlesex, now under the Direction of the i?"

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the pairing the Roads in the Parishes of House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Fulham, sond Saint George, Hanover Squarefo the County wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment*, in at the of Middlesex, under the Management of the-Commission-Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were read i and ers for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, are as follower h; viz. Streets, Lanes, and other Places, -in Wefrnrnjler, was

Pr. 2. 1. 14. After Majesty," insert "by." committed, That the Committee had examined the Alle-

3- 1. 39. Leave out " and." , gations of the Bill, and found-the same to be true; «}d

6. 1. 18. Leave out " Clause* of the said last that the Committeehad gone through *he Bill, and made

and 19. "mentioned." several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-

1. 23. Leave out " nor," and insert " or" rested him to report to the Hou fe ,5, and he read the lie-

mstead thereof. port in his Place; and afterwards d el ivered the Pill, with

i. 94. Leave out " nor," and insert1' or" the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the instead thereof. Report was read.

At the Did of the Title of the ' Bill, add And the House being informed, that some other " and for amending so much of an Act of the Amendments are necessary to be made to the faiuptfl;

" 7th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne,\u- Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

" tituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the " Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the Committee, to whom the jfouae was committed.

" ’l ime therein limited, requires the Delivery Vox. 30. ,0 B Ordered,

by Goo

dLr.

fitffineffc

America; Indemnity for Unstamped Paper-

Private

Business.

Westminster Paving.

830 22° — Mail . 17

Ordered, That Leave be given to move the House Tomorrow to proceed upon any private Business after Two of the Clock.

The other Order of die Day being read;

Mr. Paterjbn reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur, Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrolfings, and Printings, wrote, ingrafted, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingossed, or printed, upon unliamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the HoUfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230

Anno 6* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.

Prayers.

e^tOHN James le Chevalier took the Oaths appointed J in order to his Naturalization.

The House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of Yesterday, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Mr.' Whittvorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for putting the Road from to Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of

dlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of

‘ Fulham, and Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County o (Middlesex, under the Management of the Commis-

fioneis for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares,

- Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in Westminster, was recommitted, That the Committee had made several

other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed 'him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter dc la Roche, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cot, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Fames, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Buller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Rest, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sir John Gib-

bons, Mr. Staunton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Paterson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Tuionjhend, Mr. Covent n), Mr. Frafter, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Vane, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Grey, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir Charles Saunders, Mr. Oftwald, Sir William Beauchamp Profior: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John James le Chevalier, which wras Yesterday presented to the House, and then . ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned, wascommitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quefrioti severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur. Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed . last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making good and valid all Writings, Ingrolfings, ai d Printings, wrote, ingossed, or printed, or which shall be wrote, ingossed, or printed, upon Unstamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money; be read the Third Time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth, both plain and figured, which has been imported into Great Br itain, from Christmas 1759 to r765; distin-

guidling each Year, and each Species, and the Duties paid thereon, and the Places from which the same have been imported.

A Bill fyr granting Duties, to defray the Expeaces

of

Roche’s Nai.

Regulating Buildings hi Westminster.

America; Indemnity ft r

Undamped

Paper.

Account; Linen Cloth imported.

Supply Bill; j n Jca turiu

Supply Bill;

Duties on Spit it*

Cr-nveyanec

of certain 1 oo,.s from ' - .1 iTipton

'&Co;v«s;

General

Highway

A#*

6 Geo. III.

25° — 26° Mail.

831

of opening, maintaining, Securing, and improving, certain Ports, in the Blands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica, into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Bland* into any ot tier British Colony; was read a Second Time.

Rejciccd, That the Bill he committed.

RefdveJ, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Klands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes, is committed.

A Bill for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported, and for prolonging the Time allowed for keeping Ruin in Warehouses under Bonds, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King's Bench, CommonP leand Exchequer,

to the Iflo of Mon;and for appointing Ports and Places

for flipping and landing Goods in the said Island; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tho whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend Two several Acts, the One passed in the 26th Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; and the other passed in the 5th Your of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to cotv tinue Part of an Act, made in the 30th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to rentier more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads; was read the Third Time.

An ingtoffed Clause was offered to be added to the BiHj by way of Ryder, that no Ilorfe shall be seized but upon the Information of a credible Witness, not interested in the Seizure.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the Execution of Two several Acts, One made iu thezflth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the 'th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the

Vo 1.. 30.

Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom *, and for obliging Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates on Turnpike Roads, and Toll-gatherers appointed by them; to account.

Ordered )That Tvlr. Fuller do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That IVTr. Faterson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with Lome Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Altering

Abjuration

Oath.

Wars

Me

cans.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House td resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to and consider further of* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedneJdaJ Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Bay being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a Bounty on Exportation the Exportation of British-maAe Cordage, and for dif- ot Lor a*e* continuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. PaterJ'on took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterjon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Mon* day Morning next.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Law*

Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enforce, the several again It

Law’s now in being, against Engroffers and Forestallers EniP'0fl«» of Cattle, and other Provisions; and the same was re- &c‘ ceived.

Ordered, That Sir George Yonge have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 26° die JVfaii; Anno 6* Georgia IIP1 Regis, 1766

Prayers.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Prtraie Order of Friday Iall, that Leave be given to Bufinef*-move the House, this Day, that any private Business -might be entered upon in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

1

$2 16* M. A* 17

Ordered, That any private BufmeCs may be, entered upon this Day, after Two of the Clock.

Plymouth An ingrafted Bill to enable the principal Officers and

Dock Yard- Com mi (Doners of His Majesty’s Navy, to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement, made ,fcr a Lease of Ground,-for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Dock Yard near Plymouth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commifikmers of His Majesty’s Navy, to carry into execution certain Articles of Agreement, made for a Lease of Ground, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Dock Yard, nea x Plymouth

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Chaplain Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address of Wednesday the 14th Day of this instant May, ou e‘ that His Majesty would be gtaciouAy pleased to confer feme Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Mr.

flichard Palmer, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to say, that He will confer feme Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Mr. Richard Palmer, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

Westminster An ingrafted Bill for putting the Road from Clarges paving. Street, to Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Chelsea,

Fulham, and Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in -

fier, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1.1. 15. To leave out " Road," and insert " Gate," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street, to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Squin the County of Mid-

dle sex, now under the Direction of the A As for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Chelsea, Fulham,

and Saint George, Hanover Sinthe County of Mid-

dlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitxoorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Muckley The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Corner, into Consideration the Report, which was made from

&c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and

Road. widening the Road from Muckley Corner, to Waif all, and

Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook, and Ocker and from Toll End to Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Moxley Sand Beds, to the Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge, to Bloxwich Chapel, and to Bam Hales, and aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was committed.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Report was read.

And the several Petitions against; the said Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and produced Evidence, in order to ftiew the Intention of the Corporation of Walsall to take down the Market Cross and Pump, now (landing in the Middle of the High Street, in the said Town, and otherwise to improve the Passage through the said Street.

And the said Counsel having proposed to examine Thomas Pink, in order to provetheQuantum and Value of so much of the Petitioner Mr. Corbet’s Land, as would be necessary to be used for making the Road as described in the bill, and the Injury Mr. Corbet would sustain thereby;

And the Counsel for the said Bill objecting to the said Thomas Pink being examined, be having signed the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the Town of WaffaU, in the County of Stafford, which was presented to this House upon the 3d Day of March last, against making the said Road through the Lands of the Countess of Montrath, Richard and the said

Mr. Corbet; and the said Thom having sub-

ferihed Money towards opposing the fame;

The Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, in Answer to the said Objections.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House Was moved, that the said Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Freeholders, Traders, and others, of the Town of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of M last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Thomas Pink be admitted to be examined, in order to prove the Quantum and Value of so much of Mr,

Corbet’s Land, as would be necessary for making the Road as described in the Bill, and the Injury which Mr.

Corbet would fqftain thereby;

It pasted in the Negative.

And the Coanfel were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned, till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Portu Iftaqds of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; and also upon the Bill for granting Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, certain Ports, in thelftands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica, into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Kland, into any other British Colony; .*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do alter and make both the said Bills into one.

Then a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration j and having delivered in to the Clerk, of this House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken the Oath of Qualification; according to the Laws made for thafe Purposes;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That1

they

6 Geo. III. 25® — 270

*35

they had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto; and had, pursuant to the Intimation of the House, made them one Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill and Amendments, when the House will please to receive t he fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

America; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to repealing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^,e Bdl for repealing certain Duties, in the Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and also the Duties imposed, by an Act made in the lull Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods exported from Britain, and for granting ot her Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Dunei oa a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Spirit*, laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported, and for prolonging the Time allowed for keeping Rum in Warehouses, under Bonds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr: Paterfm took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

"Mr. Paterson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Conveyance The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ot certain ref0lve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon S u,iun!p?on the Bill for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports of u» Cowes. Southampton and Porf/mouth, to the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits, in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island;

Resolved, That this Housewill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Mr. Patcifon reported from the Committee of the Exportation whole House, to wltom the Bill for allowing a Bounty of Cordage. on t|)e Exportation of Bmade Cordage, and or discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Bounty shall not extend to Cordage re-manufactured.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 30,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order made this Day, for the further Hearing of Mucktet Counsel, upon the Report which was made from the Com- Comer, mitlee, to whom the Bill for repairing? and widening the Road from Mticklcy Corner, to LFci and , °a and to Leigh Brook, and Ocker Hill, and from Toll End

to Puppy Gmv* and TiplonGreen, and from

to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from A1oxley Sand Beds, to the Walsall and Wolverhampton Road, and from

Church Bridge to Bloxwich Chapel, and to Ham Hales and Walsall aforesaid, all in the County -of Stafford, was committed; after the House fho have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day; being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Repord.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded, and examined a Witness, in support of the fa^l Petitions.

Then the said Witness was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel on both Sides were also directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken, that 40 Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and 40 Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question firstput, till T'o-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Matt

Anno 6° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1 766.

Prayers.

MR. Loiondes reported from the Committee, to Roche's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Nat. tuled, An Act for naturalizing Peter dc la Roche, was committed; anti to whom the Petition of John James le Chevalier, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had thereupon made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, w itfr the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 1. 1. 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and infer*

" beseech" instead thereof.

1. 6. After " Geneva", insert " John James

" le Chevalier, Son of Francis k " Chevalier, and Mary des Itarres " his Wife, born at >n

" Switzerland."

1. 9. Leave out " his," and insert their" instead thereof.

I. 17. Leave out "he," and insert " they" instead thereof.

I.18. After " Roche," insert " John James le " Chevalier;" and leave out " is," and insert " are" instead thereof.

1. ai. Leave out " a;" and leave out " Sub-

" jedt," and insert " Subjects" instead thereof.

1. 22. Leave out he is," and insert they " are" instead thereof.

1. 26. Leave out he," and insert " they’* instead thereof;

1. 27. Leave out M a;" and leave out " Subjea," and insert " Subjects"

stead thereof.

10 C

GoO^lC

if Mail

A. 17 66.

€C

1. 30. After " Roche" insert " and John James U Chevalier ;"and leave is" out, and insert " are" instead thereof.

Pr. 1. 1.* 2. Leave out his," and insert " their;" leave out " Heir," and insert " Heirs;" and leave out " his," and insert " their" instead thereof.

I. 8. Leave out "him," and insert "them" instead thereof.

1. 11. Leave out "he," and insert "they" instead thereof.

1. 17. Leave out " he," and insert " they" instead thereof.

1. 22. After " Roche" insert " and John " James le Chevalier."

1. 14. Leave out "a;" and leave out "Subject," and insert " Subjects" instead thereof.

1. 32. After " Roche" insert " and John " James le Chevalier."

1. 33. Leave out " a. Member," and insert " Members" instead thereof.

1. 38. Leave out " himself," and insert " themselves" instead thereof.

1. 39. Leave out " him," and insert " them" instead thereof.

At the End of the Title, add " and " John James le Chevalier."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Loiondes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments, this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Regulating An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Buildings effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of Hispro-Westminster. ^ent Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by . Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 33. To leave out " thereof."

1. 36. After " aforesaid," to insert " of." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to pi event Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Accounts; An Account of the Value of Goods, Wares,

Exports to and Merchandise, exported from Scotland, to the British America. Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing each Year: And also. An Account of the Value of all Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, exported (tom Scotland, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1765; distinguishing each Year; Aud also, 22

An Account of the Quantities of Foreign Brandies imported and exported to and from Scotland, from MidJ'ummer 1751 to Midsummer, or 5th of July, 1765; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among It the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Prisoners in His Majesty’s Prison of the King’s Bench, as well on behalf oif themselves, and others their Fellow Prisoners, as for and on behalf of many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects now in Exile, was presented to the House, and' read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That the I Toufe do now proceed to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Report, w’hich was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Mnckley Corner, to Walsall, and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook, and Ocker Hill, and from Toll End to Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Moxley Sand Beds, to the Walsall and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge to lllcx-tcich Chapel, and to Barn Hales, and Wal/dU aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was committed.

The House accordingly proceeded*to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill was further heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report be adjourned, till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Alphabetical List of the Names of such Persons as shall have paid the Duty on Coaches and Carriages for Three Years, ending the 1 oth Day of October 1766; distinguish-ing the Number of Carriages, for which each Person shall have paid the Duty, in each Year; and also distinguishing in the said Account, which of the said Persons shall have paid any Thing towards the Duty on Silver Plate, imposed by an Act of zg George II. and for what Quantity of Plate such Persons shall have so paid in each Year.

Air. Paterjon, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported, and for prolonging the Time allowed for keeping Rum in Warehouses, under Bonds, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Paterjon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the lllands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the mor^ free Importation and

Exportation

DiflrefTed

Debtors,

Muckky

Corner,

See.

Road.

Lift of Persons paying Duty on Carriages.

Supply Bill Duties on Spirits* &c.

Supply Bill; Jamaica Port*.

America;

repealing

certain

Duties.

6 Geo. III. 270 Mali.

Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises: and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

for granting Duties, to defray the Expences of opening, Mr. Pater fan reported from the Committee, That they

maintaining, securing, and improving, certain Ports, in had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-the Bland of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free ments thereunto , which they had directed him to report.

Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchan- when the House will please to receive the same, difes; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Importation of Goods from the said Bland of Dominica, Morning, into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon

Goods imported from the said Bland, into any other The other Order of the Day being’ read;

BriliJhCoXony, wascommitted; the Amendments which The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Conveyance

the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they whole House, upon the Bill for allow i ng the Conveyance, cfrt?'n

had directed him to report to the House; and he read from the Ports of Southampton and , to the Southamwon

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Port of , in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Cowes. Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported,

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into, forthat Pur-Question severally put thereupon, were, with several pose: and for extending an Act made in the Twenty-Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House. ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to pre- taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made ufeofin vent Foreign Sugars passing for Sugars of the Growth the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Picas, and Ex--of Dominica. chequer, to the Ble of Man; and for appointing Ports

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Bland.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

made Part of the Bill. Mr. Paterjbn took the Chair of the Committee.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

to the Bill. Mr. Pater fen reported from the Committee, That

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be they had gone through the Rill, and made several ingrossed. ’ Anffendments thereunto, which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and all'o the Duties imposed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods, exported from Great and for granting

other Duties inllead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America;

And a Motion being made, that it be an InllruQion to the said Committee, that th<-‘y have. Power to make Provisionin the said Bill, for permifting the Exportation of Cotton Wool, from the B Colonies in America, free from the Payment of any Duty;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that, though His Majesty’s 4 £ per Cent. Duty on Cotton, appears to be an increasing Revenue, yet I lis Majesty, desirous of contributing to the Improvement of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, is very willing to give up that Revenue, and gives IiisConfeut, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for permitting the Exportation of Cotton Wool, from the British Colonies in America, free from the Payment of any Duty.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from His Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bdi, for encouraging the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, for Re-exportation.

Ordered, That ;t be an lnltruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for preventing the Landing of Unenumerated Goods, brought from the British Colonies, in any Port of Europe, Northward of Cape Finisterre, except in Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Paterson took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. 30.

lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Addrest dress be presented to His Majesty to return the most rcIP'GinSth* humble and grateful Thanks of this House, for the fresh rtlS(Mn6 Instance, which His Majesty bas been pleased to give, the -ft p« of His great Attention to the Improvement of thoT rade ctnt.o»

and Mannfa&u res of thisKvngftoni, byliis most gracious Cost*

Consent, this Day signified, to give up His increasing Revenue of Four and One Half per Cent, upon Cotton, and that this House might do therein, as they should think fit.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. Haldane, from Account; the Commissioners of the VLxcifc, attended at the Door; Spirit*, he was called in; aml-tvt the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Ciuantity of MaVt and Meiaffes Spirits exported, from JXdTidfimtmer 1757 to 1765; distmguifhinjg each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said iV^ccount was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the 1 a-blc, to be perused by the A® members of the House.

The said Account is on^served amongst the other Papers of this Sefli^_»n,

The Order made this Day^ for farther Hearing of Counsel, upon the Tiej>ort, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road fromAfitcArlej/ Corner, toWalfallandWed?ie/bury, and to Leigh Brook, and OcAer and hom Toli End,

to Puppy Green, and rripjj>nfreen, and from PuppyGreen, to the Dudley Turnpike; Hoad, and

to the Waif all and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church

Bridge, to Bloxwich Ch*!*1’au<J to Wal-

faU

Mucklcy Corner9 Sec. Road.

270 — ^8° Mail 17

fall aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was committed, being read;

The House proceeded to the farther Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report.

And the Counsel for and again# the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Bill was heal'd.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken, that 40 Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and 40 Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock}

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Mail;

Anno 6* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1766.

Private

Business*

Dart ford, & c. Roads.

Chelmer

River

Navigation.

Sr. Andrew, Holboro. Streets, &c.

Darlcy

Inclosiut.

Adderbury Indole re.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Resolutions of the House, of the 4th Day of December 1761# might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That no private Business be entered " upon, any Day, in the House, after Two of the " Clock."

" Resolved, That no Motion be made for dispenling,

" in any Case, with the Observance of the said Resolution, unless Leave be given by the House, upon the " preceding Day, for making such Motion."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be naade standing Orders of the House."

Resolved, That the (landing Order of the House, of the 4th Day of December 1761, by which it was resolved, that no private Business be entered upon, any Day, in the House, after Two of the Clock, does not extend to private Business, on which Counsel is ordered to be heard at the Bar of this House.

A Message from the Ixirds, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Cuddon:

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening, several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Chelmer navigable from the Port of Maldon, to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating and employing the Poor, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Squares, Streets, I vanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrexo, which lies above

the Bars, in the County of M and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty of Dorr ley, in the County of Derby, called Darley Common, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of -

bury, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Little for dividing and inclosing tlte Commons and Walle Ellinfc>h»m Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Indomre.

in tlte County of Norfolk, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BiMerto* for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, 'inclosure. Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Balderton, in the County of Nottingham, without a«y Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by' Roche’»Nm. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter de la Roche.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do now' proceed to the fur- -Muckl«y ther Hearing of Counsel upon the Report, which was Corner., made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repair-' ing and widening the Road, from Muckley Comer to tVal~>

Jditand Wcdnesbury, and to I^eigh Brook, and Ocher

and from Toll End, to Puppy Green and Tipton Green, an<L from Puppxj Green to the Dudley Turnpike Road, and from Moxley Sand Beds, to the IValfall and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge to Bloxtokh Chapel, and to Barn Hales and WalJaUaforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was committed.

The House accordingly proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Report.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended in favour of the said Bill;

The Counsel again# the Bill was directed to withdraw.

Then the Agent for the Bill was called in; and at the Bar, informed the House, that tl»e Parties concerned lor the said Hill did not desire to call any Evidence, or to be further heard by their Counsel.

And a Member present having given the House the like Information;

Resolved, That the House do now proceed to take the said Report into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 2.1. 12, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 2.1. 12, being read a Second Time; and the Question being put, that this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellersfor theNoes,^Fmncreau} 27'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 31. 1. 1, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 31.1. 1, being read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue Part of an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads, might be read.

And

6 Geo. III. *8* Mail.' S37

Anri* the same was read accordingly. bG, An Act for opening an^ establishing certain Bortg,

' % Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the morte put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and to by the House: Merchandizes; for granting certain I>uties, to defray

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Com- the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and . \ rriiftee, to the said Bill, being federally read a Second improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be

Time, were, upon t hr Question severally put thereupon, paid uj>on the Importation of Goods from the fVlid Jflaud

agreed to by the Hoe. fe. of Dominica > into this Kingdom; anti for fectiring the r

A Clause was oliered to he added to the Bill, that Sa- Duties upon Goods imported fi*om the said Island, into tisfartion shall he made to Proprietors of Lands used any other Brtish Colony.

for the lhirpose of the Loads. Ordered^ That Mn Chancellor of the Exchequer do

And the said Clause was Twice read; and being carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.*

amended,* wa--, upontfieQuestion put thereupon, agreed

to by tive Tloufe, to be made Part of the Bill. An ingossed Bill for laying additional Duties on cer- Supply Bill i

Another Clause was offered to he added to the Rill, fie- tain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time al- Duties oa

clawing that Satisfaction Money to he paid Mr. Corbett, lowed for keeping Rum in Warehouses under Bonds, Spirit*,

shall be applied toihe f fesof his Marriage Settlement. Was read the Third Time.

And the said ’lame was Twice r ad, with Blanks; l\rfvlved> That the Bill do pass: And that the Title whic h being lilied up’, the said Clause was, upon the be, An Act for laying additional I3uties on certain Spi-Gueiiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be rits imported; and for prolonging the Time allowed by mmb' Part of the Bill. Law for lodging and keeping in Mrarehouses, Rum anti

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Spirits imported grofied. Ordered, That Mr. Patcrfon do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Answer Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the

.Tf r House, that their 'd hvis of Ydierdav, to return the

c s* raoft humble and grateful Thanks of this House, for the frtdh liiibir.ee, whiHi llis Majdi v has been o loafed to give, of His great Attention to the Improvement of the Trade and Marvafae?ores of this Kingdom, by I lis most, gracious Co;dent, tins Day signified, to give up His increasing Revenue o f Four ami One ilalfgc/* Cent, upon Cotton; and thr> Ibis House might do therein as they should think f: had S een presented to llis Majesty; and that llis Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graeiou’fiy.

Adjo®mment. P foteed, That this T!ouse will, at the Rising of the Jlcnfe this D;iy, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

Priva'e Ordered, Tbut Leave be given to move the House

Baciutfs. _ upon Friday urxt, to proceed upon any private Business ' after Two of the Clock.

Privll ,e. A Complaint l eing made to the House, that, in

..... 'Breech of*she Privilege of this House. hiam Coleman,

junior, WHVcm'Fault>rSamuel -Mill, Throve Van id, Richard Samuel Davis, Richard

Pr'K r, 'J'hlmasFait" Abraha Faker, and IF:liter, asfombled toget’ier, cut down and deft roved, on 'J'liu'rfdayWe Stli l)«v of Mu- instant.-May, fume 1 ledges and Inciofnrcs, in i!:e Manor of in the County

‘of Hereford-,belonging to the Lari of IVinlerton, a Mem-,

her of fIns House;

Ordered, That it he referred to the Crmficlcration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their <);!«.ion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. The Order of the Day, for the Attendance of the Lord ComIngham in hic Place, being read;

Ordered, 'I lia* th° Lord do attend this

House, in his Place, upon Turjday' the 3d Day of June next. \

Supply Bill; A11 ingro’fied Pill for granting Duties, to defray the Jamaica Expences of opening, maintaining, securing/andiid* Ports. proving, certain Ports, in the Islands of and

Dominica-, for the more free Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes; for ascertaining the Duties - . to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Hami of Dominica, into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon floods imported from the said Island, into any other Colony; was read the

Third Time. '.....,

.jtcfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title V or. 30.

Mr. Pater/on, according to Or tier, reported from the American

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Colonies, repealing certain Duties, in the HriUJti Colonies and Plantations, granted by fevered Acts of Parliament, and also the Duties imposed, by an Act made in the last Sef-tion of Parliament, upon certain Kajl India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting oilier Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, le-.eral branches of the t rade of

this Kingdom, and the BntifhDominions in i was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in atthe Clerk’s'Cable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing a Bounty on the Ex- Suf) , Bail portation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinu- Exportation ing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp ex- of Cordage, ported, was read the Third. Time.

liejblved.That the Hill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rou»h Hemp exported.

Ordered, That Mr. jPrefcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Paterson, according to Order, reported from the Conveyance

Committee of the whole Honle, to ^bon\ the Bill for

allowing lire Convey mice from the Ports ot tamp Southampton and Portsmouthi, to the Port of Choices, in tire ltte ot tr , to Cowe*.

of Goods not liable to E>utj' on Exp°rtation> or pro \-bited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Durpose - and for extending an Act made in the Twenty-ninth X ear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking* Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Coxxrts of Ring's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Me of; and for appointing Ports and F>/aces for Flipping and landing Goods in the said Island s was committed; the Amend- -

ments which the Cotntri^F made to the Bill; and

w'hich they had directed B,rn_to report to the Houfo.; and he read the Report m his Place;and aftei-wotds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

jo

D

throughout.

28* — 30®

A. 1766.

America;

Indemnity

for

Unstamped

Paper*

Private

Business.

Muekley Comer, &c. Road.

Lift of Naval Lieutenants

, P9 Half Pay.

Supply Bill i Lottery.

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, \ipon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the HouTe.

Ordered, That the Hill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day bein' read;

Ordered, That theingrofled Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur, Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrossing, or printing, in I lis Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act passed hut Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the Colonies and

Plantations in America-, and for making good and valid all Writings, logrollings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which limit be wrote, ingrossed*or printed, upon Unstamped Paper, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, null and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money; be read tlieThird Time, upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° Maii;

Antio 6® Georgii III*" Regis, 1766. Praters.

THE House being moved, in pursuance of the Order of U'edite/day lull, that Leave be given to move the House, this Day, that any private Business might be entered upon, in the House, this Day, after Two of the Clock;

Ordered, That any private Business may be entered upep this Day, after Two of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Mnckley Corner, to Wand and

tp Leigh Brook, and Ocker Hill, and from Toil End, to

Puppy Green and Tipton Green, and from Puppy Green, to the Dudley Turnpike Boad, and from Moxley Sand Beds, to the Walsall and Wolverhampton Road, and from Church Bridge, to Bhxxvich Chapel, and to Barn Hales

and H'alfall aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Rejblred, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner, to Waif all and and to

Leigh Brook, and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, ill the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of the Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy now upon Half-pay.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Brou ning and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Sum of One million Five hundred thou-fahd Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund, without any Amend-foent: And also.

Supply Bill; Duiics on House*! &o

Regulating Build.ngs *n Wetkninder.

Weflmiofler Co^tl Ad in ca> u r r ftj c n r

Altering

Abjuration

.Oath.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, ami for granting to His Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mi (chiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

'Fhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, anu making more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His said Majesty, more elleftu ally to prevent the Frauds and Abides committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the All’urance: And also,

'Fhe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cultivation for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Pre- of servation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, w ithout Tms, any Amendment: And also,

I he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Strethnm for draining and preserving Stretham Comin the Isle Drainage. of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for unpowering the Commissioners for put ting in execution an Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Waterbeuch Level, in the County of Cambridge, and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the , said Manor, to raise a Sum of Money to pay the Debts owing upon the Credit of the said Act j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengdrs withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Conveyance from Conveyance the Ports of Southampton and PortJmo to the Port of of certain Cowes, in the lile of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Ble of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Corves, ill

the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duly oil Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets being taken, or Bonds entered into, for that Purpose; and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man-, and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Bland.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and also the Duties imposed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain

East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for

Goods from Souttamrkm to Cowes.

America; repealing certain Dutes.

AmerVa; Indemnity for Undamped Paper.

Acttirefs; Cgmpeufatioa to

J. EUtfciJ, Esquire.

6 Geo. III.

30 "Maiu — JuniL

839

for granting other Duties indead thereof; And for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Rritijk Dominions in America; was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. I. iy. After the Second " aud" to insert " thenceforth."

27. J. 22. To leave out " the," and insert " such’* instead thereof.

J. 23. To leave out " herein after directed,’* and insert " as any other Forfeiture "agamft the Laws of the Revenue " may be prosecuted."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

llej'olved.That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title he. An Act for repealing certain Duties,* in the Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and alto the Duties imposed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods exported from Great; and for granting other Duties inilead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Brandies of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Brilijli Dominions in America.

Ordered,-That Mr. Paterfo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and "desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons, who have incurred, or may incur, Penalties and Forfeitures, by writing, ingrofting, or printing, in 1 lis Majesty’s Dominions in America, upon Unfhtmpcd P;»|>er, Vellum, or Parchment, contrary to an Act pafl'ed last Session of Parliament, for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations iu America; and for making good and valid all Writings,

Ingrossings, and Printings, wrote, ingrossed, or printed, or which iha.ll be wrote, ingrossed, or printed, upon Uuliamped Pajier, which, by the said Act, would have been, or shall be, jiull and void, upon Payment of certain Sums of Money; was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill do pass;

The House was moved, that the Report, which, upon the 24 th Day of February I all, was made from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the fever; 1 Papers, which were pre-i'ented to the House, by Mr. Secretary upon the 14th, 22d, 27th, 28th, and 31st Days of January last, and upon the 5th, 10th, 17th, and 21st Days of February lait, and by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 3d, 10th, 19th, and 2 ift Day's of February last, by His Majesty’s Command; together with the Proceedings of the iloufe thereupon; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnify ing Persons who have incurred certain Penalties, inflicted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Stamp Duties, in the Brilijli Colonies and Plantations iu America; and for making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled there, on Cnltamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Rejoiced, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He Will be graeiously plealed to order feme further Recompense to

VOL. 30.

be made to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk Assistantof this

House, for his faithful Discharge of his Duty in the Service of the House, in such Manner as His Majesty shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Address he presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable FVivy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Ltineey 2° die jfttniiy Anno 6* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1766.

’R AYERS.

Regiftcn of

f\Rdered, That the Company of Parish Clerks d.o pre-v pare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, Copies of the Abstracts of the Registers of the Paiifli Poor, within the Bills of Mortality, under Four Years of Age, from the First Day of July 1762, to the 31st Day of 1765.

Complaint being made to the House, of a printed Privilege* Paper being dispersed, intituled, " The same of the " Town of IV al/all, and Mr. Samuel Corbett, relative to

" a Bill depending in the House of Lords, for making " a Turnpike Road oh the Back of the Town across the " Meadows, from a Place called The Brook, atOne End " of the Town, to the Corner of a Street, called Ablewe#

" Street, at the other End of the Town;"

The said Paper was brought up to (he Table, and read.

Resolved, That the said Paper contains a false and gross Misrepresentation of the Proceedings of this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Authors, Printers* and Dispersers, of the fail

Paper.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Patcrjbn, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

burn, Mr. Touchct, Mr. Liempfter, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Hill, Mr. Rigby,h<Ir. Whitxoorth, Mr. Barrel/, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Jackson, Lord North, Sir Edward Turner, Col on el Barn?, Mr. Di;son, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hobart, Sir John Griffin Griffin, Mr.

Edmonstone, Lord Car^jsforl, Mr. Ridley, Mr. PhtjneY,

Lord Winterton, Mr. Hyde, Sir Anthony Abdy, Mr.'Pau-

tet, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Puller, Mr. Mr.

Molijneux, Colonel Nloflyn, F>r. Hay, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Calvert, ‘Sir. John Delaval, Mr.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at riveot the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber -, and have Power

fend for Persons. . , v,tt

Ordered, That the fetid Pttper be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, fmtnthe pud of the last Session of Pa-rdiament, to the End of ihJJ

present Session, with a proper Index printed.

Ordered, That One thovfan Copies of the said

Journal be printed, for the TJfe of the House, by the AppointIT,e.n^ and under the Dite&ipp, of Thomas Tyrwhitt, Ji.Ojuire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal be p by sech

Person as shall be JicerJ fed by M and that nb

other Person do prefu f?me-

Rjblved, That an humble Addreti be presented te

by

f-

3° Jutfi

A. 17 66.

Supply Bill;

Making Fuad

Supply Bill; Dupe* 011, Wines, &c.

General

Highway

Acts.

Supply Bill; Duties on Spirits.

Salt

'imported

O/

Quebec!

Supply Bill; Crapes, &c.

H is Majesty, that lie will be graciouOy pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, to lie advanced to Thomas l)/nvhi(ty Kfqtiirc, Clerk of this House, towards JWrayit)!? the lvxpence of* printing the Journal of this House, -from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Session, with a proper In<lex thereto; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fartie.

O/t/rm/, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty hv iud 1 Members of this House as are of II is Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

W, A Mclfage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. ( 'addon:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords have agreed to the Ilill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act-.for explaining.and amending Inch Part of an 'Act, tmade in the Third Year of the Reign of His prefen£ Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported ;* for the more ealy collecting, and effectually securing of the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to infer!,1 in Indentures orotlior Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain Kaji India Goods mid Bugles, exported to; for permitting

a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act made in the jail Session of Parliament, to the Blands of Jet fey, Guernsey, and Alderney, and for obviating

jCertain Doubts, with respect to the Importation of Oafs, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in tins present Session of Parliament; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ‘Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execution of Two fevered Acts, One made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the'Amendment and Prefen'ation of the public High-Vays and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for obliging.Mortgagees taking Foileflion of Toll Gates ‘on Turnpike Roads, and Toll-gatherers appointed by them, to account; without any Amendment: And also, -.

1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time allowed by Law, for lodging and keeping in Warehouses, Rum and Spirits imported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt,-from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And alfq,

" The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the Second’ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating tip the Removal, for Home Consumption, of Spirits, made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon .^'Importation 4>f Silk Crapes and-Tiflanies'; for

allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, to Ireland, free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for altering certain Regulations relating to the Tonnage of SIsips exporting and importing Spirits 5 without any Amendment: And also.

Hie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactmes; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Malls, Yards, and Bovvfprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Collet* in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provjlions, Powers, and Di rest ions, in Acts of this-Session of Parliament; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Preservfition'of Timber Trees,-and of Woods, and Underwoods; and for the further- Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Bounty on the Exportation of Brifish-made Cordage, and for (iifeontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Meriip exported; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for putting the Road from Claries Street, to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Lane, to the North Side of H in the Pa-rith of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the Roads in the Puri then of Kcvfington,

Fulham, and Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Dines, and other Places, in rninster, without any Amendment: And also,

'The Lords have agreed t(*> the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, to carry into-execut ion certain Articles of Agreement, made "for a Lense of Ground, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Dock Yard, at Plymouth-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.:

And then the House adjourned-till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the dock.

Supply Bill; Copper Bars,

Preservation

of

Tiwber Trees.

Supply Bill; Exportation

of . Cordage.

West mi idler Pa vine.

Plymouth Dock Yard.

Martin 30 d 'Junii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.’

Pr

AYERS.

TV /TR. Comptroller reported to the House, that their XVJL Addresses of Friday last, that His Ma jeliy would be graoiously pleased to give Directions, that the Lift, therein mentioned might be laid before this House; and also that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order fotne further Recompence to be made to John Hatjell, Eft]uire, Clerk Assistant of this House, for his faithful Discharge of his Duty -in -the Service of tho-

House,

Answer

lo

AddreitV*.

6 Geo. III.

Pri^il^e.

3

Junii.

841

House, in such Manner as His Majesty shall judge

?roper, had been prefen ted to His Majesty; and that Iis Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of the Lord Conyngham in his Place;

The Petition of the Reverend James Doctor

in Divinity, the Minister, Church Wardens, and the Vestry Men, of the Pari lit of Saint John’s in Dublin, which was presented to the House, upon the 15th Day of May last, was read; Setting forth, That Major General Henry Conyngham, being indebted to Jane Donnell, late

of the Parish of Writtle, in the County of Effbx, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, Widow, his Sifter, in the Sum of £. 1,500, in pursuance of a Deed executed by him, in 1696, to Trustees, for railing any Sum not exceeding /. 3,500, as therein mentioned, did, for securing the said Sum, by Deed, or Instrument, dated on or about the 23d October 1704, direct and appoint the Trustees in said Deed mentioned, to secure to the said Jane -nell, the said Sum of £. 1,506, when /he /hould require the fame; and that, pursuant to said last mentioned Deed, the Trustees in said first Deed mentioned, did, for the better securing said Sum of £. 1,500, to the said Jane Bonnell, by Deed, dated the 8th July 1710, by way of Mortgage, grant to the said Jane Bonnell, the Manor or Lordship of Mount Charles, and several other Lands in the County of Donnegal, subject to the Proviso or Equity of Redemption in said Deed mentioned; and that there being a great Arrear of Interest due on the Foot of the said Mortgage, the said Jane Bonnell ftled her Bill m his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, on or about the 5th of January 1739, against Henry Conyngham, now Lord Viscount being entitled to the Equity of Redemption of said mortgaged Premises, to foreclose said Mortgage, and to have so much of the Lands therein fold, for the Payment of what should appear due to her for Principal, Interest, and Co/b; and that, on the 20th of June 1744, /he obtained a Decree against the said Henry Conyngham, Esquire, now Lord Viscount Conyngham, for an Account to be taken of what was due on the Foot of laid Mortgage; and that, before any further Proceedings could be bad on said Decree, the said Jane Bonnell died, but before her Death made her Will, and among other Things bequeathed several Legacies, which were to be

?aid out of the Money arising by said mortgaged ’remifes, and particularly a Legacy of £. 200 to the Minister, Church Wardens, and Vestryroen of the said Parish of Saint John’s, in Trail, for the binding out poor Girls of that Parish for ever. Apprentices; and the Residue of her Fortune, after Payment of her Debts and Legacies, /he bequeathed to her Executors, for the Support of Clergymen’s Widows, who shall stand in need of such Help; and that the said Jane Bonnell, by her said Will, appointed Ralph Smith, of London, Esquire, and Ralph Sampson, of the City of Merchant,

her Executors; and that soon after the Death of the said Jane Bonnell, the said Lord Viscount Conyngham contested her Sanity, and in October 1745 commenced a Suit in his Majesty’s Court of Prerogative in this Kingdom, where Sentence passed in favour of said Will; and, in November 1746, his Lordship appealed from the said Sentence of Judgment of said Court to the Delegates, who, about 26th May 1747, judged it ill appealed, and affirmed the Judgment of the said Court of Prerogative, whereupon a Probat of said Will was granted to said Executors; and that said Executors, for what Reason, unless on Account of the great Expence they were put to in obtaining said Probat, as aforesaid, they neglected carrying said Decree so obtained by their said Teftatrix as aforesaid into execution, and both laid Executors are now dead; and that said Vet. 30.

Ralph Sampson was the surviv/ng Executor of said Jane Bonnell, and, after the Death of the said Ralph Smith, was prevailed on, and tiled a Bill to revive said Suit, and soon after died, but before his Death made his Will, and appointed his Wife, Jane foie Executrix thereof; and that soon after the Death of the said Ralph Sampson, a Bill was filed on or about 28 May 1764, in the Name of the said Jane as

Executrix of said Ralph Sampson, who was file surviving Executor of the said Jane liortneil; but (he being nearly related to his Lordship, and loath to disoblige him, refused to fufler her Name to be made use of in the carrying on said Suit, whereupon said Suit dropped, and no further Proceedings could be had on said Bill; and that the Petitioners are therefore advised to file an Information in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General, in order to carry said Decree into execution, so as to be paid the charitable Legacy or Legacies in said Will mentioned; and that the Petitioners are afraid to proceed thereon, so as to carry said Decree into execution against said Lord Viscount Conyngham, being one of the Members of this House, without Permission of the House, left they migftit incur the Dif-pleasure of the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall seem meet, so as that the Petitioners may be at Liberty to prosecute the said Suit against the said Henry Lord V ifeount Conyngham, without incurring the Displeasure of the House.

A Member present informed the House, that he had received a Letter from the Lord Conyngham, from Ireland-, and that his Lordship desired to wave his Privilege, with respect to the Matter contained in the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, American That an Humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Colonies, to express the earnest Wish and Desire of this House, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to suspend any Prorogation of His Parliament, until positive Assurances shall be received from the several Governors of the respective Provinces in North America, that the People are returned to a due Sense of their Duty and Obedience to the Laws; that this House is the more earnest in their present Solicitations to His Majesty, to grant this their humble Request, as they apprehend many of the fatal Consequences of the rebellious Dif-position of His Majesty’s Subjects in those Parts might have been prevented, if the Parliament had been called last Year, as soon as the Accounts of the disorderly and tumultuous Conduct of the ' Americans came to the Knowledge of His Majesty’s Ministers; to assure His Majesty, that this House is determined to support the legal Authority of the Crown, and the just Rights of the British Legislature, over all Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions; and, when permitted to offer their Advice, to guard the Honour arid Dignity of His Crown and Government, from any Insult whatsoeverj

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of* the Exchequer a^qnainted the tfte

House, That he had a Niello.ge from His,

this House, signed by his Majesty; ami he same to the House 5 and it was read by Mr. Spe > all the Members of the House being uncovered j and is as followeth; Viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having-, in of the Agreement mentioned in His Speech at the Opening of the last Session of Parliament, received Application from the present King of J^rmcsrlc, for the Solemnization of his Marriage with Hi» NfajGfty’s

line Matilda, has though proper to inform this House, that the Marriage may probabl be solemnized before the next Session of- Pat* 'ament; andf, as His Majesty

10 can

Kin^.

Marriage

of

Princeft

Matilda,

Sc

Provision for the Dukes of York, &c*

Addrefi on the King’* Message.

84a

Junii.

A. 1706;

can have no doubt, that this Alliance with so respectable a Protestant Prince will be to the Satisfaction of all His good Subjects, He promises himself the Concurrence and A Alliance of this House, in enabling Him to give such a Portion with His Siller, as may be suitable to the Honour and Dignity of His Crown.

His Majesty had Inteutions to have recommended, at the same Time, to the Consideration of this House, the making of some proper Provision for the honourable Support and Maintenance of His dearly beloved Bro* thers, the Dukes of York and , and Prince

Henry Frederick; but, as the Season of the Year is greatly advanced, and it is necessary to grant a llecefs to His Parliament, by a speedy Conclusion of the Session, His Majesty will defer the making of such Recommendation, until the next Meeting for the Dispatch of Business; and is allured, from His Experience of the Affection of His Faithful Commons to Himself and His Family, that they will readily and cheerfully enter into the Consideration of that Matter, when the same shall be laid before them. G. R.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Message, communicating to this House, the Application made on the Part of the King of Denmark, to perfect a former Agreement, by the Solemnization of the Marriage of the said King, with His Majesty’s Sifter the Priucefs Caroline Matilda; to renew the dutiful Congratulations of this House, upon the intended Union with so respectaWe a Protestant Prince; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will enable His Majesty to give such a Portion with Her Royal Highness, as shall demonstrate the Zeal,

Duty, and Affection of this House to His Majesty, and a just Regard to the Honour and Dignity of His Royal Family; to allure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will readily and cheerfully take into their Con-lide.-ation the Matter mentioned in His Majesty’s Message, relating to the Support and Maintenance of His Majesty’s Royal Brothers, whenever it shall please His Majesty to recommend the fame;

The House was moved, that the Resolution of the House, of thei8thDay of February 1667, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That if any Motion be made in the

n llotife, for any Public Aid or Charge upon the " People, the Consideration and Debate thereof onght a not presently to be entered upon, but adjourned till " such further Day as the House shall think fit to appoint; and then it ought to be referred to the Committee of the whole House, and their Opinions to " be reported thereupon, before any Resolution or " Vote of the House.do pass therein."

The House was also moved, that the Resolutions of the House, of the 24th Day of February 1707, relating to the Disposition of Public Money, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That wo Public Money be granted by Debentures, or otherwisebut bya Committee of Supply." " Resolved, That no Disposition of the Public Money

be made, or private Bill relating to the same be read,

but oh a Day to be appointed for that Purpose." The House was also moved, that the Entry in the

Journal of the House, of the 3th Day of May 1733, *n relation to the Message from His Majesty to this House, with, respect to the Proposals for a Treaty of Marriage between the Prince of Ora/ige and the PrincessRoyal, and also the Address of this House thereupon, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

' The House was also. moved, that the Entry in the journal of the House, oflhp 13th Dpy of 1,761,

V

1181

with respect to so much of His Majesty's.ritolt gracious Speed) from the Throne as relates to 1 lis-Marriuge with the Queen, and also the Address of this House of the 1.4th Day of the same Mouth, thereupon, might he read. r And the same being read accordingly; ,i.

A11 Amendment was propol’ed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Wotds,' "'.enable His Majesty to give such a Portion with her Royal High*

" nelsj" and insert " enter into the immediate Consideration of this important Aftair in such a MannOt."

And the Question being put, That the Words prot posed to be left out, ftaud Part of the-Question; ,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. V

SMr. Thomas Y

junior,

Lord Gage;

Tellers for the Ko(*s f \lr. Augn/lulHarvey,

I ellers for the IN6<?s, f I or(1 CarysfJ 3 j-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Words, " her " Royal Iliglmefs," thel'e Words, "and also to Uiake " such immediate Provision for the honourable Support " and Maintenance of His Royal Brothers," in order to leave out from the Words " Royal Family," to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put. That these Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the J jl.

Tellers for, he^es,j‘^J^ {

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That au humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty thfe Thanks of this House, for His mot gracious Mefiirge, communicating to this Iloul’e the Application made duthe Part of the King of Denmark, to perfect a former Agreement, by the Solemnization of the Marriage* of the said King,

With Ids Majesty’s Sifter the Prineefe Caroline Matilda; to renew the dutiful Congratulations of this House, upon the intended Union with so respectable a Protestant Prince; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will enable His Majesty to give such a Portion with her Royal Highness, as shall demonstrate the Zeal,

Duty, and Asse«Stion of this House to His Majesty, and a just Regard to the Honour and Dignity of His Royal Family; to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will readily and chearfufly take into their Consideration, the Matter mentioned in His Majesty’s Message, relating to the Support and Maintenance of His Majesty’s Royal Brothers, whenever it shall please His Majesty to recommend the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Thurlow reported from the Committee appointed Privilege, to inquire into the Authors, Printers, and Dtfperfers, of a Paper, intituled, " The same of the Town of Wal~

" fall, and Mr. Samuel Corbett, relative to a Bill depending in the House of Lords, for making a Turnpike Road on the Back of the Town across the Meadows, from a Place called The Brook, at one End of " the Town, to the Corner of a Street, called " Street, at the other End of the Town," the Matter, as it appeared to them; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it i n at the Clerk's Table AVliere the same was read; and is as followeth;

Mr. Thomas Hector, being examined, said, That he w as the Author of the said Paper; which he carried to

be

: -if:

6 Geo.1II.

be printed to Mr. lifchardfons Printing House, and delivered it to One of RichardsonServants; and that the same was exactly printed from his Copy, and sent to his Lodgings; from whence he sent it, by a Porter, to he delivered at the Door of the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do attend this

House, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Richardson do attend this House, at the fane Time.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^6* di

Anno 6* Georgii III*" Regis, 1766.

Thayers.

crea« Bed win f)^ DE RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. V to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing ofa Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Woodley, Esquire, who, since hisEleftion-for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Beiliffi of His Majestys Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bouenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, that, in Breadh of the Privilege of this House, Thomas Saunders had, together with the Persons complained of upon the 18 th Dav of May last, cut down, and destroyed, some Hedges and Inclosures, in the Manor of Orleten, in the County of Hertford, belonging to the Earl of Winter ton, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

unit,

of King Charles the Second, for ttilcing Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in tile Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and bxc heftier, to the Lfle of Mail; and for appointing Ports ami Places for lliijipii'.g and landing Goods in the faiil If}and; without any . Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mncki*yCom«t for repairing and widening the Bond from Muckley Corner, to Wat/all and Wednesba?~y, and to Leigh Brook, °a and OtherHill, and several other Hoads, in the County of

Stafford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening and estab Hilling certain Ports, in the Mauds of Jamaica *nd Dopiinicdi for the monefree Importation

and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandises; for grauting certain Duties, to defray the Expencessf opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, fudi Ports; and for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from t he iitid Itland of Dominica, into this Kingdom; and for fecnrifig the Daties upon: Goods imported from the said itin lid, ifrto aity ’ other British Colony/; without any Arfteudihent.

And then the MeiTcnger6 withdrew.

Jamaica

for*

America; repealing Duties, 8cc.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hofford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament, and also tire Duties imposed, by an Act made in the lait Sef-' fion of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons, who have incurred certain Penalties inflicted by an Act of the last Session of Parliar U»damped ment, for granting certain Stamp Duties in the British aper‘ Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making valid all Instruments executed dr inrolled there on Un-stamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports of South-«. ampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Cowes in the Me u»C«wes of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Parts, without Coquets being taken or Bouds entered into, for that Purpos'e; and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Vot. 30.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Custofns in Scotland, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of All the foreign rough Hemp exported from Scotland, to Foreign Patts, during the last Seven Years, ending at Chrijbnters 1.765; distinguishing the Quantity in each Year, avul the Places to which It has been.exported, with the Attieuht of tire Drawbacks paid, or to be paid, on the same: And also.

An Account of the Cordage exported from Scotland, to Foreign Parts, during the last Seven Years, ending at Christmos 1765; distirtgOrshing the Quantity in each Year, and the Places to which it has been exported: And also, '

An Account of the Soap Exported froth Scotland, to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in now under the Domiftion of the CrMvn of Britain, from Christmas 1761 to Chi'ijtma 1764; distingiliftiing

each Year: Awdallb,

An Account of the Quantity of Malt and Melasses Spirits, exported from Scotland, from 1757

to MidJ'ummer 1765; distinguishing each Year.

And then he Witlidrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Accoun ts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Accounts 5 Hemp, lee*

Sotp.

Spirits.

America;

Indemnity

for

Conveyance of certain Goods from

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of friVAe^e, Mr. Thomas Hector and Mr. TFilUam being

read;

The said Mr. Thom ezsLie cl or was called in; and ait.

Speaker having acquainted h.\.vn with the Resolution of the House, of Monday last, in relation to the printed Paper then complained of, rcxvd with the Report, lo tar as it relates to him, of the Committee, appointed to m-auire into the Authors, Printers, and Difpurfers, of the

laid Paper;

He altered, in his Excuse for writing the said Paper, that he did not know he ha«d the Roles and

Orders of the House t>ut that he did it for the Use M his Clients.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Mr. lVchardson was called and Mt.

Speaker having acq u a-isited him with the said ltesolution and Report, so far as relates to }

He alleged, that it *fs brought to his House oti Sunday Morning, befe*e ® UP; that ho read the Title, and look i, to be Tittng of CWfe; £ y

dered

1

1 1

844 6° Junii. A. 17

dered no further than the Title; and that he should be the last Person in the World to do any thing* against the Orders of the House.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Thomas by being the Author of the said Paper, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Anf*er Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the A,.r House, That their Address of last, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious . Message, communicating to this House the Application . made on the Part of the King of Denmark, to perfect a former Agreement, by the Solemnization of the Marriage of the said King, with His Majesty’s Sifter the Princess

Caroline Matilda; to renew the dutiful Congratulations . of this House, upon the intended Union with so re-

spedable a Protestant Prince; and to ashire His Majesty, that this House will enable His Majesty, to give such a, Portion with Her Royal Highness, as shall demonstrate the Zeal, Duty, and Affection of this House to His Majesty, and a just Regard to the Honour and Dignity of -His Royal Family; to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will readjly and cheerfully take into their Consideration the Matter mentioned in His Majesty’s Message, relating to the Support and Maintenance of His Majesty’s Royal Brothers, whenever it shall please His Majesty to recommend the lame; had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleased to return this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I have great Satisfaction in receiving this dutiful and affeClionate Address; and return My Thanks to the House of Commons, for this further Instance of their Regard for Me and My Family.

Journal. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Tyrwhitt, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of this present Section, with a proper Index thereto j and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; had been presented tollis Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Hoygl Assent A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly~ 10 Bill*, neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

.. Mr. Speaker,

The Kingcommandsthishonourable House to attend

His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to - attend His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Ailent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

- An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, -Windows, and Lights; and for granting to His Majesty ' other Duties upon Houfos, Windows, and Lights.

*».*< j

An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the Roys! Aden*

Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Ydsof Par- to liament, and also the Duties iiftposed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain LV///

Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Dominions in

America.

An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Timeallowed by I.aw, for lodging and keeping in Warehouses, Rum and Spirits imported.

An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much, of an Act of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two " Kingdoms," as, after the Time therein limited, requires the1 Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned, to Persons indicted of High Treason, or Misprision of Treason.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have incurred certain Penalties, inflicted by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Stamp Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in aufl for

making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled there, on Unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

An ‘Ad for opening and establishing certain Ports, in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; and for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; and for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica, into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Iftond, into any other British Colony:

An Act for explaining and amending such Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls , for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert, in Indentures or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending such Parts of Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods and Bugles exported to Afri; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty, granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the Islands of Jersey,

Guern/aj, and Alderney-, and forobviating certain Doubts, with reiped 'to the Importation of Oats, and Oatmeal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the limes limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Removal, for Home Consumption, of Spi-.rits, made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duly upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tift'a-

- nies;

6 Geo. III. 6° Junii. 845

sties; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quan- An Act for the better regulating and employing the R°yd Assent tity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland, free Poor, and for cleansing, lighting* and watching, the of Duty, for the I’fe of the Manufacturr$there; for Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from Part of the Parish o Ilolboum, which lies

the Meof Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; above the Bars, in the County of r,'and the

and for altering certain Regulationsrelating to the Ton* Pari Hi of George the Martyr* in the said County, hage of Ships exporting and importing Spirits. An Act for making the River from

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of the Port of to the Town 6>f Chelmsford, in the

British-madeCordage; and for discontiiniing the Draw- County of F.ffex. backs upon foreign rough Hemp exported. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund Mor-

An Act to continue an A6i, made in the Fourth Year ton P ley dell, Esquire, in the Counties of York and of the Reign of His present Majesty, for importing Salt, coin, in Trustees, to be sold j and for laying out the from Europe, into the Province of Quebec, in America, Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other for a limited Time. Lands, to be settled to the like X_Jfes.

An Act for encouraging the Cultivation; and for the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs. Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in'

An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, the Parish of in the County of Nottingham.

and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further An Act for dividing and inciofi ng certain Open and Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants. Common Fields, and Commonable JLand.in the

An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforc- of Adderbu in the County of Oxford. ing the Execution of, Two several Acts, one made in An Act for dividing and inciofi n<g the Commons, and the Twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other Wafie Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little Ellin the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the ingham, in the County of Norfolk.

Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways An Act for dividing and inc/ofi a certain Common, and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for obliging Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Liberty Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll Gates on Turnpike of Da r ley, in the County of called Common.

Roads, andTollGatherersappointed by them, toaccount. An Act for draining and preserving Stretham

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, mon, *in the Isle of Ely, in the (bounty of;

An Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Ma- and for impowering the Commissioners for putting in jesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and execution an Act for the Draining and Pre-

to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within servation of Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cam-the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein bridge, and toestablish an Agreement made between the mentioned. Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Demy, and the

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty- Commoners within the said Manor, to raise a Sum of Ibcond Year of his late Majesty King George the Money to pay the Debts owing upon the Credit of the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, and said Act.

making more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth An Act for naturalizing Peter De la Roche, and John Year of his said Majesty, more effectualy to prevent James le Chevalier. the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeafufe-

ment of Coal*, within the City and Liberty of Westmith- After which. His Majesty was pleased to make a Jier, and other Places therein mentioned. most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses

An Act to enable the principal Officers and Conimif- of Parliament, as followeth, sioners of His Majesty’s Navy, to carry into execution

certain Articles of Agreement, made for a Lease of My Lords and Gentlemen, King’s S(*ech-

Ground, for the Improvement of His Majesty’s Dock It is with the utmost Satisfaction, that I have ob-Yard at Plymouth. served the Wisdom and Moderation which have uni-

An Act for allowing the Conveyance from the Ports formly guided you through the many important Delibe-of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the Port of Coioes, in rations, in which you have been engaged during the the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Ex- Course of this long and interesting Session of Parliament, portation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep I persuade Myself, that the most salutary effects must and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets be the natural Result of Deliberations conducted upon being taken, or Bonds entered into, for that Purpose; such Principles.

and for extending an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking I thank you for the Supplies which you have so cheer-

Afiidavitsin the Country, tobemadeufeof in the Courts fully given for the several Establishments, and for the of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Support of Public Credit: And you may rest allured,

Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for that no (Economy will be wanting, to render them effec-shipping and landing Goods in the said Island. tual for the Purposes for which they were granted.

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, My Lords and Gentlemen,

leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of The present general Disposition of all the Powers of Kent. Europe, seems to indicate a Continuance of Peace: And

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from it is My earned Delire to preserve the general Tran-

Mucklcy Corner, to Wolf all, and Wednesbury, and to Leighquillity, by fulfilling, on My Dart, all the Engagements Brook, and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads, in the I am under by Treaties. And on this Foundation, I

County of Stafford. may reasonably hope and expect the same drift Per-

An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street, formance of those Engagements, which other Powers to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park are under to My Crown.

Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish The many Regulations wh i ch you have made for ex-of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Mid- tending and promoting the Trade and Manufactures of

dlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repair- Great Britain, and for settling the mutual Intercourse of ing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, My Kingdoms and Plantations, in such a Manner, as Fulham, and Saint George, Hanover Square, in the to provide for the Improvement of the Colonies, on a County of Middlesex, under the Management of the Plan of due Subordination to the Commercial Interests

Commi (sioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the of the Mother Country, are the strongest Proofs of your Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in Westminster. equitable and com prehen live Regard to the Welfare of Vol. 30. 10 all

Parliament

further

prorogued.

846 6° Junit. — 12° Juki. — 16° Seplcmbris. A. 17 66.

all My Dominions; an Object truly worthy of a British Parliament.

It shall be My Endeavour, that such Care be taken, as may tend to secure and improve the Advantages which may be expected from such wife and salutary Provisions.

I have nothing further to recommend to you, than that you will exert your belt Endeavours in your respective Counties, to enforce the Execution of the Laws, and to promote good Manners and good Order among My People, whose true and lading Happiness shall be My coniiant Care, and upon whose Affections I shall always firmly rely.

After which the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to the Twelfth

Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Saturday the Twelfth Day of July next.

Sabbati, 120 Julii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1766.

THE House being mfet, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. &uarm€t Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. S|>eaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’* Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went Up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the furl her proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesdaythe 16th Day of next; and the

Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the i6lh Day of September next.

Martisy 16° die Septer/ibris;

Anno 6° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1766.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro* gatiou, and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message Was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Sutherland, Deputy Gentleman Ufhor of the Black Rod: Gentlemen of flic House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 1 ith Day of November n^xt; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday titd 11 th Day of November next.

Parliament flirt her

pro loaned*

INDEX.

INDEX

TO THE

THIRTIETH VOLUME.

5* Geo. III. Par/. 6. Sejf 4. A. 1765.

CCOVNTS, Estimates, &c.

Copy of Report, Jan. 1765, from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Treasury, relating to illicit Trade to and from the Isle of Man Copy of Representation and Memorial from Commissioners of Customs and Excise in Scotland, Dec. 1764, to Treasury, relating to ditto; ordered; II Jan. Presented, 12. Referred, 28 Feb. Vide Man. — Co-

Sies of Orders of Council, 17 Aug. 1764, for preventing illicit Trade to and from the Isle of Man; Copies of Letters to and from the Treasury and Duke of Athol relating to the Sale of the Isle of Man; presented, 12 Jan. Referred, 28 Feb. Vide Man. — Copy Report from Commissioners of Revenue in Ireland, 20 Oa. 1764 to Treasury, relating to illicit Trade to and from the Isle of Man, ordered, 12 Jan. — Presented, 14. Referred, 28 Feb. Vide Man. — Accounts of prohibited East India Goods, and of Naval Stores imported from Russia, presented, 15 Jan. — -of Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, presented, 15 Jan. 7 Feb. — of Wool and Yarn imported from Ireland in last 14 Years, ordered, 15 Jan. Presented, 8. Referred, 28. Vide Wool. — the like from Scotland, presented, 15 Feb. — Lift of Half Pay Officers of Land Forces and Marines, for 1765, ordered, 15 Jan. Presented, 16. Referred to Committee of Supply, 23. — Account of Services incurred and not provided for, ordered, 15 Jan. Presented, 22. Referred to Committee of Supply, 4 Feb. — of Disposition of last Grants, ordered, 15 Jan. Presented, 21 Mar. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25. — of Surplufes of the Aggregate, South Sea, and General Funds, ordered, 15 Jan. Presented, ii Feb. Referred to Committee of Supply, 18 Mar. — to Committee of Ways and Means, 27. — Copy of French King’s Declaration concerning Maintenance of Prisoners of War, and Translation; Copy Account of the Expences of maintaining English Prisoners of War, and Translation; Paper of Articles of One particular Charge; Account of Charge of maintaining French Prisoners between 14 O&. 1755 and 11 Nov. 1762; Presented; 15 Jan. Referred, 21. VideKing^ Prisoners of lVar% Addrefi — Account from the Mercers Company, presented, 16 Jan. — Lift of reduced Officers Widows, presented, 16; referred to Committee of Supply, 23. — Accounts from Commissioners for Paving, tife. Westminster, presented, 17 Jan. Referred 21. vide Westminster of Corn exported, with the Bounty, from 1758 to 1765, ordered, 17 Jan. Presented, 1 Feb. — of Raw and Thrown Silk imported from ChrLftrnas, 1758 to Christmas 1763, with the Duty; ditto, exported in same Time, with the Drawback ;of Foreign Wrought Silks imported in same Time, with the Duties; ditto exported, with the Drawback; of British-made Silks exported in same Time, with the Bounty; ordered; 2j Jan. The ift four presented; 28 Jan. Referred; 6 Feb. — The last presented; referred; 8.22. Vide Silk. — of Value of Woollen Manufactures exported to Italy and Turkey from 1758 to 1764, ordered, 23 Jan. Presented; referred; 8 Feb. Vide Silk. — of Money issued by Treasurer of Navy on account of Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude, ordered, 23 Jan. presented, 1 Feb. Referred, 11. Vide Longitude. — of Increase of Navy Debt between 31 Dec. 1763 and 31 Dec. 1764, shewing what Part of Navy Debt carried Interest on 31 Dec. 1764, ordered, 24 Jan. Presented, 1 Feb. — of Seamen and Marines borne and muttered, ordered, 24 Vol. 30.

Jan. Presented, 14 Feb — State of Proceedings of Commit (toners of Westminster Bridge; their Treasurers Accounts; presented, 28 Jan. — Account of Committee of African Merchants, presented, 28' Jan. Referred, 12 Mar. Wde Africa. of Sufferances granted for landing Goods at private Wharfs, from 1757 to 1765, ordered, 39 Jan. Presented; referred;

14 Feb. Vide Wharfs. — of Raw and Thrown Silk imported, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758, with the Duties; ditto exported in same Time, with the Drawback. — of Value of Woollen Manufactures exported to Italy and Turkey, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758. — of Foreign Wrought Silks imported, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758, and from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764, with the Duties; of ditto exported, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758, with the Drawback; of British-made Silks exported, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1758, with the Bounty; ordered; 31 Jan. Presented; referred; 12 Feb. the last presented from Scotland, Mar. — of Money received and paid on Account of London ridee; ditto of Black Fryars Bridge; of Orphans Fund in London; presented; 4 Feb. — of Foreign manufactured Gloves and Mittens imported, for Seven Years to Midsummer last, ordered, 4 Feb. Presented, 12. Referred, 13 Mar. Vide Gloves. from Scotland, presented, 28 Feb. — Report of Trustees to forfeited Estate in Scotland to the Treasury, presented, 7 Feb. — Letters and other Papers relating to the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Afric^presented, 8 Feb. Referred, 12 Mar. Vide Africa — of Silk Stockings imported and exported, from Christmas 1753 to Christmas 1764; of Silk Gloves and Mitts imported and exported in same Time; of Silk Pieces imported and exported in same Time; ordered; 11 Feb. Return made, 14. Presented from Scotland, 7 Mar. — of the National Debt, at Christmas last, ordered, 11 Feb. Presented, 21. Referred to Committee of Supply, 27 Mar. of all Coals brought into London for 20 Years preceding 5 Jan. 1765, ordered, n Feb. Presented, 14. Referred to Committee of Ways and ML cans, 13 Mar. — of all Coals exported in same time, distingui filing each Year and Country, ordered, 11 Feb. Presented, 12 Feb. 7 Mar. Referred to Committee of Ways and Means, 13 Mar. — Copies of Minutes of Proceedings of Commissioners of Lrongitude at their Two last Meetings, ordered, 11 Feb. Presented, 18. Referred, 5 Mar. Vide Longitude. Account of (Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk imported and exported to and from England, from Christmas 1763 to Christmas 1764., distinguishing what Countries, with the Duty and Drawback, ordered, 13 Feb, Presented; referred; 15. Vide Silk; — of Foreign manufactured Gloves and Mitts that have been ieixed and condemned, for 7 Years, ordered, 14 Feb. Presented, J2Mar. Referred, 13. Vide Gloves. — Copies of Inllrudlions given to A4r. Harrison and others appointed to make 2d Trial of his Time-keeper, ordered, 14 Feb. Presented, 18. Referred, 5 Mar. Vide Longitude. — Copies of Computations of Observations taken at the 2d Trial of IVdr» Harrison’s^ Time-keeper at Portsmouth and Barbadoes, ordered, 18 teb. Presented, jg. Referred, 5 Mar. Vide Longitude. — Copy of Memorial from the Custom House to the Treasury, relating to Duties to be collected at the Grenades, Presented, 18 Feb. — Account of Money received and paid on Account of the Foundling Hospital; also Accounts of Number of Children received in* how disposed of, and the Number remaining, on 31 Dec. 1764; ordered; 18 Feb. Presented, 32. Referred, 1 Mar. Vide Children.

A of

